In France we have no oil but we have idiots
 supplement with radioactive truffles
· We take a nice particle accelerator packed with reactors and laboratories fresh, they will be the basis of our meal.
· A swallow of subterranean, subterranean esoteric, fantastic for the road.
· A layer of military and aeronautical terrains, their robotics and robot experiments with unpredictable behaviors like big vegetables.
· Cul-earth in a plastic boot, accompanied by his villagers villagers with unspeakable secrets to water this.
· Radioactive releases and ionizing energy marinated in nearby streams, if your guests still breathe.

 Welcome to this book. Live fantastic adventures in the world of Tales From The Loop while staying close to Paris excites you? Boarding.
in the program
This supplement is quite classic. He sings places, NPCs, mysteries, scenarios, and adds various game aids including a series of pretended characters.
Marry futuristic aspects and the 80s is not easy, that's why you will find objects to introduce robotics and technology into everyday life.
Several times of scenarios are proposed. In particular, you will find very short stories meant for initiation parties.
Note that it was started while the official French version was not released. Some inconsistencies are not impossible.
Some page edges are white: these are pages that the GM can give to players.
Why this supplement?
We thought that it would probably be easier for beginners to start playing without having to project in Sweden or the United States.
Saclay has become obvious. Today known as a super incubator of disruptive startups, the Saclay region has proved to be ideal for reproducing the setting of the Loop with its CEA, nuclear reactors, synchrotrons and other particle accelerators since the 50s.
Finding that politics is a poor relative of the original rule book, it also seemed interesting to play with this aspect. Notably by discovering a Mecca of French nuclear power and imagine a Chernobyl type accident 20 km from Paris. You will also find a page about the reality of the CEA site that will give you the opportunity to burn off a devastating post-collapsologist ecologism in any post-game discussions.
When my heart is booming
The proposed period covers from 1984 to 1986. Here is an idea of ​​the general evolution of events and their consequences for children.
In 1984, tractors pull, scientists scientists and reactors react. Kids face more or less exceptional mysteries, but everything returns to normal afterwards.
Suddenly, the troubles multiply from 1985: radios, dysfunctional telephones and televisions, deviances of aggressive military robots, irruption of strange creatures, seismic or climatological disorders, disappearances of people, extranormal experiences ... The adventures of the kids leave traces , disturbances and sensitive complications.
1986, everything goes from disasters to major incidents, until a nuclear incident occurs at the CEA, release into the atmosphere a radioactive cloud that triggers the immediate evacuation of residents within a radius of 25 kilometers around Saclay ... Paris included.
Post 1986, apocalyptic atmosphere: the area is forbidden, under intensive but approximate military surveillance. Nothing prevents you from imagining kids exploring in previously forbidden places ... at their peril. Tales From The Flood, anyone?
Note on inclusive writing and style
May our readers forgive us if we sometimes forget it. Start a D6. 1-2: we are old sexist cons. 3-4: The syntax with midpoint strikes the punchlines. 5-6: it's really an oversight.
A style say ... caustic? prevails in this supplement, in line with Siroz productions of the 80s. This ironic tone will not shock, let's hope, our young audience more used to more ... American productions, formulate it like that;)
Happy reading, and good game!

 because we know that all kids between the ages of 10 and 15 are passionate about complex investigations and risky risk-taking.
 The parents of the kids are probably employees of the CEA, the largest employer in the region. Large family-friendly pavilion areas were built for them in the late 1970s. However, there are a few children from the peasant world and wealthy properties around them.
when all the alcoholos in the world will give each other their hands
Parents are like those of Swedish kids
They do not care much about their offspring, drink, complain, and are in a state of mental breakdown, especially if they work in the vicinity of gravitational waves.
Rigid traditions that avoid the embarrassing questions of happiness and freedom still have their side. Exit privileges and straps, regardless of social class, are not rare ...
To make up for their absences and their wanderings, they buy their children's gifts of their dreams: floating skates, computers, even for the luckiest personal robots ...
the loop in the country pie
The kids are enrolled at the local college, where they go with an automatic bus or with their moped for the lucky ones. In the canteen, they are served by autonomous household robots.
When they have free time and the weather is good, they get on their bikes to go to the woods, haunted houses and bad undergrounds. They will see in the sky a floating tractor, a CEA carrier or a military carrier.
In bad weather, go to the gymnasium for the sportsmen, the games room or the library / media library, real places of perdition. Otherwise they put themselves in front of a TV to watch cartoons or play with a console.
If they want to make a film or shopping, they go to the local town or a large shopping center, brought by their parents or taking a RER air cushion.
a hideout of Choices
The choice of a place will depend on the social origins of the characters.
In town, this can be in the basement or garden shed of the family house pavilion. In the villages, there are hiding places in the woods or empty buildings in communal areas. In the countryside, abandoned farm buildings are not lacking but you can also choose a ruin in the middle of the fields.
[I] for inventory [N] for network
Social origins will also determine access to objects that might be useful as part of a Mystery.
Farmers' children will find a rifle more easily in the family home or an agricultural robot in the barn. A kid engineer or programmer analyst will be well placed to access a computer or a Minitel. Village kids will have access to well-crafted DIY workshops. For the children of shopkeepers, the job of their parents will be decisive in the extent of their possibilities. A druggist in the room?
When to human contacts, once again the class determination may play.
Beyond the worn-out contacts that are the old teacher or the librarian, the extended family on the farms of the plateau will be a source for the kids of peasants. Any kid from CEA will access the network of contacts of his parents. The local bar or the market will be suitable for the research of village children.
state of the art
Robotics is common on the Saclay plateau
In the countryside, agricultural vehicles are regularly seen watering, sowing, harvesting and transporting. They look like big beetles that make tractors on the ground, sometimes robotic, look like real insects.
In the boroughs it is the utilitarian robots that dominate: administrative robots in the town halls and schools to lighten the work of the clerks of the state who hate these machines that are imposed on them; domestic robots (cooking, DIY) among the middle classes and particularly the employees of the CEA, enthusiasts of technique.
As for the huge remote-controlled war robots equipped with wheels, feet, pipes and other detection devices, it is not uncommon to see them far away in the military zones.
Telecommunications are worthy of the 80s
Civilians all have access to radio and terrestrial television. These are the most popular means of information: at 8:00 pm everyone is in front of his post for the Journal du Soir, where the presenter of the weather is in a magnetite floating camera.
The amateur radio knows its good days. There is the CB that allows for short-distance discussions with truckers; remote controls to guide the pocket helicopters; walkie talkie sometimes powerful up to a few kilometers; all this to experienced amateurs capable of transmitting and receiving over several hundred kilometers.
The aeronautics obviously uses massively the radio to exchange with the objects in flight. The aerodrome of Villacoublay has radars and a control tower for this purpose.
The military is also fond of telecommunications. They use encryption for command orders. But orders for drones and other test robots that go on the air are clear.
Minitel and telematic networks
The phone is of course very common: every home, every business, every office has a dial phone that allows you to reach the entire network quickly via dial-up telephone servers.
In 1980, the Télétel 3V experiment took place. The first Videotex terminals are distributed around the set to experiment what will become a network that allows textual information to be transmitted via the telephone network Volunteers receive a simple modem to connect to their TV while the interface is a remote control with a keyboard . Network hacking is becoming a local passion on the Saclay Plateau where the experience is massively followed and where the number TRANSPAC 612 34 56 becomes legendary.
Launched publicly in 1982, the Minitel exploded in 1984 with the appearance of the first instant messengers, which allow to exchange anonymously on the network. But if the 3611 is free, a service on the 3615 is 60 francs per hour: the pink Minitel has a price. Kids of trendy or affluent families can access full services in the back of their parents: couriers, forums but also games, information and of course directory of individuals and professionals. Some models of robots have the ability to connect to the telephone network periodically and can receive orders that are sent to them from a site, subject to knowing the credentials. The smart guys who discover the bugs of the telematic servers and abuse them are not counted anymore.
The CEA has its own telematic network. Researchers store their data and have corporate services such as the provision of a library of articles, a messaging service or practical information. This network is interfaced with the public telephone network to connect it to other research centers. All you need is a modem, the number and IDs to enter, at a time when access tracing does not exist. Information leaks are not uncommon.
Military networks are more monitored but no less buggy. In theory, accreditations determine the information to which access gives entitlement. In fact, it is quite simple to get information on what the military is doing right now (reports, equipment test cards, etc.) for the garrison whose internal network is penetrated. On the other hand, interconnection with other networks is more complex, so much so that most legitimate operators themselves can not connect.
 Technical objects of everyday life
When skateboards float, life is beautiful
The richest kids ordered floating skateboards well before the release of the movie Back To The Future (1985). These lucky little ones also have access to portable game consoles that can connect to each other or remote controlled mini-helicopters. Japanese portable electronic games are more common.
Domestic robots have already been approached: they have a non-humanoid appearance, unlike the administrative robots responsible for the reception of the public. In school and college, students have access to computers with all the devices they need: cameras, 3D printers, programming cards.
DIYers and techies buy floating devices such as flashlights, tape recorders or cameras.
The last device in fashion is a so-called intelligent typewriter, able to finish the words for you: very expensive, but there are already some on the set.
For scientific or military inventions, see the dedicated chapters.
