Whether it's making lousy wall cloths, crashing planes or testing nuclear reactors, the Saclay Plateau and its placid natives attract decision-makers
geography
The Saclay plateau is located 20 km southwest of Paris. It is bounded by the Bièvre valley to the north, the town of Villiers-le-Bâcle to the south, the plain of Corbeville to the east and the aerodrome of Toussus-le-Noble to the west. See the pretty map in double page.
Its surface area of ​​about 2,500 hectares is mainly occupied by fertile farmland. They alternate with charming woods, bucolic villages, and picturesque Aero-military-industrial zones.
Small weather point. Ciimat continental gradient, so it rains regularly but in small quantities, it is hot in summer and cold in winter. The wind is often present on the plateau, of medium strength.
A water story
Water is essential on a plateau surrounded by two valleys: to the south and east flows the Yvette while to the north it is the Bièvre that gurgles peacefully.
The plateau is dug by numerous channels (gullies) and aqueducts intended to transport the water accumulated in two large ponds whose total surface is 68 hectares: the new and old ponds of Saclay.
This excellent water supply explains the fertility of the land. And the interest for nuclear facilities whose water supply is a crucial component - and of course harmless when the releases are made on the surface ...
Geology: who digs wins
Under the fertile surface silts is a layer of hard stone between 6 and 10 meters deep suitable for the construction of underground tunnels. It is composed of marls that allow to develop strong frames if you master the art of cement, as the Romans we will return.
Deep down, about 35m from the plateau floor is the layer in which the catacombs of Paris were dug: it is a hard white stone which, subject to being well chambered, will welcome any particle accelerator. mounted.
history
If today the plateau is known for its great schools full of engineers (Paris-Saclay, high-tech cluster with high content of deep-bullshit), the occupation of the plateau goes back at least to the Iron Age, when our Aft-great-great-grandmother prepared raspberry butter sandwiches for tea.
At the time of the Caesars
The Gallo-Roman period is prosperous: the farms (Orsigny, Villeras) develop, as well as a particular cult, coming from Turkey while passing by Rome: the cult of Cybele. An innocent cult of the Earth in appearance ... who practices human orgies and sacrifices during his rituals. Its followers adore mysterious stones laden with magic in vast underground sanctuaries. The high priests communicate themselves orally the secrets of worship: mysteries transmitted by the Egyptians relating to electricity. The cult spreads over the plateau for centuries, to the delight of the quaint peasant looking at the fate of the victims.
The dark age
As good Christians, the lords are actively trying to fight against this pagan worship. They fight him by establishing several strongholds. And from the twelfth century, the cult of Cybele is extinct. Or not. On the lands now administered by the abbots of Saint-Germain-des-Pres all trace is erased on the surface and we try to maintain the peasants in a stupidity as confi- dicted as guilty.
A rebirth in studded boots
In the 17th century, swamps are still common on the plateau. The breakthrough of underground and buried canals intended to supply the fountains of the Château de Versailles with water, will allow to drain these marshes. We start digging and building everywhere. By building the King's Pavilion near the Saclay ponds, the ancient undergrounds are rediscovered and attract the interest of the esoteric and magical secret societies that are developing at the time.
1760, beginning of the sinister Toile de Jouy, Jouy en Josas as we can imagine. The local peasant being judged idle, it is put to work for the greater happiness of his descendants and the elegant ones who begin to decorate their interiors with the ugly ancestor of the filthy modern wallpaper.
Modern times, finally it depends
The French soldier, not far from being permanently late, also benefits from the region to establish fortifications to defend Paris (Buc, Villeras). You never know, in case the German invader comes from Bordeaux ... They are quickly overpriced. And useless.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the rise of aviation. As the area is flat, sparsely populated, close to Paris, it is all suitable for the construction of runways and market gardening based on test pilot's fertilizer: the airfields of Buc, Toussus-le-Noble and Velizy-Villacoublay are established.
The relations between pilots and peasants are excellent: they hate each other royally, the first landing regularly in the fields of the second who send their kids sabotaging the cuckoos. It is said that the culture of the nocturnal introduction on the industrial sites in the children of peasants and the distrust of these to the so-called "progress of the science" dates from this time.
The CEA: a radiant presence of happiness
From this point of view, after the Second World War, it will not work out for the rest of the locals.
The world-specific progress of Tales From The Loop (electromagnetic flight, particle accelerators, robots) will focus on the Saclay plateau.
The different aerodromes will be used to try the first floating machines thanks to magnetrine. To carry out this research, a flop of scientists is not too much, the military's capacity for invention being as limited as its humor.
This is how the installation of the Commissariat à l'Energie Atomique on Saclay is decided. He starts building nuclear reactors, taking advantage of the plateau's hydroelectric network to evacuate his waters full of good isotopes that are not dangerous for health.
The military reconvert their forts, the Bordeaux invader a little late, to experiment on behalf of CEA researchers their inventions combining magnetism, nuclear propulsion and robotics.
The old underground
The old and new undergrounds will then be used to hide all sorts of little secrets and results of failed experiments in the eyes of the general public.
The sturdy locals are not happy about the progress that keeps worrying about them, as is the building of new pavilion areas full of techies, wacky scientists and other hippie-friendly administrative executives.
cities, villages, farms and others
Now that the actors are in place, overview of their surroundings. Note the distribution at D6 of social origins: useful to determine that of the inhabitants and the kids.
Villiers-le-botches
You will find further a whole chapter dedicated to this village which under dull appearances hide - sure - a mystery abject both houses.
1 Villager / Low income
2 Farmers / Low income
3-6 Employees of the CEA / Average income
Orsigny
Here is one of the oldest occupied places on the plateau: the foundations of worm-eaten farms date back to the Greco-Roman period and often give access to undergrounds.
1-6: Farmers / Average income
inn of christ
Curious hamlet located at a crossroads formerly frequented, at the edge of which is a strange Christ cross and a hotel restaurant still well attended.
1-2 Farmers / Low income
3-6 Traders / Low Income
the hell valley / albian val
A pretty village set on hillsides
1-6 Villagers / Average income
toussus-le-noble
Village attached to an important civil aerodrome which employs many employees, in latent opposition with the peasants remained on their farms. The arrival of CEA employees to build their houses has doubled its population.
1 Villager / Low income
2 Farmers / Average income
3-4 Urban / High Income
5-6 Employees of the CEA / Average income
the valley of hell
Charming little town established since the 17th.
1-6: Villagers / Low income
Saclay
If this village gave its name to the plateau, it did not pay mine before its population quadruple in the 70s. The invasion of families working for the CEA has remodeled this once peaceful town that is now crumbling under the money local taxes and expensive urban development.
1 Traders / Average income
2 Villagers / Low income
3-6 Employees CEA / Average Income - High
Saint Aubin
This small traditional hamlet has an interesting past since it hosted a Christian Commandery with vicious clerics and narrow knights. By tradition, its inhabitants mix very little with the rest of the plateau and are more educated. Well, at least that's what they believe.
1-4 Villagers / High income
5-6 ECA employees / high incomes
VAUHALLAN
Formerly a pretty town nestled in a valley, with a convent, church and castles, it has become a city without much charm and extensive enough since the inevitable employees of the CEA are agglutinated. It is said that its chateaux are home to curious encounters. But we also say a lot of nonsense.
1-2 Traders / Average incomes
3 City / Average income
5-6 Employees CEA / Average incomes
various farms
Villefavreuse, Favreuse, Méniller
1-6: Farmers / Average income
The Grand viltain
Large diversified farm, at the forefront of modernity.
1-6: Farmers / High Income
The Moulon
Hamlet whose farm hosts a research laboratory on genetics.
1-3 Villagers / Average income
3-6 3-6 Scientists / High Income
Traffic on the board
ROAD Network
The car is the preferred means of transport on the plateau. Most people drive fast, too fast. The national and departmental roads are in excellent condition. There is also a lot of two wheels, from the bike to the big bike. Reminder: the official minimum age for driving a 50cc is 14 years old. Official.
Public transport
Automatic buses
Automatic bus lines serve all the cities of the plateau, more or less frequently. The fare is low but the buses are not full.
RER trains
The network serves Igny and Palaiseau, south-east of the plateau, it connects Paris to the rest of the suburbs.
big shopping centers
velizy 2
Located north of the Plateau de Saclay, behind the Vélizy-Villacoublay airport, it is a huge American-style mall full of shops.
beautiful epine
Further east, this large complex offers all the shops, cinemas, bowling alleys and shops that young people in the region dream about.
remarkable places
the king's pavilion and the saclay ponds
The pavilion is located at the edge of the departmental road that separates the two ponds (nine and old) of Saclay. It is exactly in the middle of both shores. It gives access to basements housing machinery limiting flow from one pond to another. He is abandoned and often occupied by wandering people. The Vieux pond is abandoned, while the Pond Neuf is dedicated to the cooling of the military installations (Fort de Villeras) and the CEA.
Chateau de la Martiniere
This hamlet is a compound of a farm and a castle that hosts the Military Ionospheric Forecasting Service.


Villiers-le-botches
a rotten shed, pavilions as far as the eye can see, taciturn inhabitants. All for the happiness of the kids.
This village of 700 inhabitants is located south of the plateau. Surrounded by woods to the south and farmland to the north, it is crossed by a small stream, a channel, which connects the pond CEA to the city of Chateaufort. The site has a rich past of which some farms dating from the sixteenth century and the Romanesque church are the sign.
The inhabitants
The population of the village has quadrupled when two pavilions quarters for employees of the CEA were built in the late 70s. The original villagers do not appreciate the newcomers and their kids who do not really share the values ​​of the land. To put it simply, the earthy butts of the corner are front-line Catholics who adore the big red and hostile to any novelty. The arrival of atheists to scientific culture and modern ideas makes the atmosphere quite fresh.
Kids have become numerous - nearly 250 - in these pavilions for young couples of technicians, researchers and administrative staff. In the freshly renovated primary school, they mixed with the local kids, who treated them well as Parisian dog heads but facing the authoritarian teachers the common front was right of their differences.
It's at the Collège Émile Zola -cf. next chapter- that kids in the corner are affected. Belonging to a common village has links established in kindergarten or primary school.
the pavilion area
The kingdom of youth
CEA's parents work a lot. Kids are free to use the streets as they want to play, run, skate or bike. They know all the secret shortcuts to cross their territory. Their gardens are full of swings and huts where kids frequently invite each other.
The district of Bel Air in the west was the first built. It is distinguished by houses whose strange shape evokes the spaceship. Crossed by many passages between houses, it is occupied by families of scientists, sometimes a little hippies, in any case modern, who give their children all the independence and freedom they want. The neighborhood is a kind of cool community where everyone knows each other.
The Quartier Foujita in the North is named after a bizarre Japanese painter who lived in the village in the 60s. It is a quieter and traditional pavilion area. There is a pool and sports facilities where young people often meet.
the castle and its park
With its imposing park, stuck to the village church, it is the other big play area for kids.
The countess, owner of the place, demands that the kids call her "Marie-Hélène". She leaves them free to do what they want in the park, under the benevolent gaze of her gardener. They are therefore free to establish a hideout in the park, in a small room of the castle or in one of the many outbuildings. Leave to make curious discoveries.
A network of undergrounds extends over the entire terrain.
The presence in the underground ruins dating from the second century explains the establishment of Gallo-Roman era on the premises and the very presence of the castle. It hides a cult of Cybele prone to underground rituals. See Chapter 05. for more information on the cult of Cybele.
the center
This is called the small triangular place behind the cemetery.
There is the coffee shop, some shops and the town hall. The habitat of this historic part is typical: houses glued to each other or surrounded by high walls.
The bar
It is held by the old guard of the village, peasants in blue linen trousers who monitor the comings and goings. Their favorite sport: drink glass on glass and smear everyone with RTL in the background.
The boss knows almost everyone in the village. Not surprising: it is at home that comes to buy his cigarettes and his newspaper. But she does not like to see kids hanging out at her four-bedroom property, which is often rented to business representatives who appreciate her generous cuisine and moderate rates.
The town hall
This small building located on the square hosts an administrative robot and a town hall employee. The monthly meetings of the municipal council are held there, in a sometimes tense atmosphere.
cultural and sports equipment
The arrival of CEA employees has enabled the town to build the works that are popular with all elected Ile-de-France: stadiums and media libraries.
schools
The nursery school (3 classes) is very modern and located in the district Foujita. The primary school (5 classes) on the other hand is an old building which had to be enlarged in a hurry. The oldest teachers have seen the entire village go over their banks for 30 years.
The library
It is the jewel of the city: it has search robots, video games and the connection to the free Minitel. Very modern, the mediathecary lets young people occupy as they want the place. In other words, it is very popular among teenagers.
The sports hall / swimming pool / stadium
The town hall has done things big: these new structures are spacious and modern. Kids have free access if they are from the village but there are surveillance robots to enforce the rules.
local characters (ties)
Countess Marie-Hélène de Biger
Rentière, 76 years old, single
Unlike her parents, she rejected the morbid cult that was organized in the basements of the castle. Independent, the Countess is a passive ally of kids who enjoys youth and freedom. She can help them move in her beautiful white sedan if necessary.
Jacques Lemaheux
Castle gardener, 42 years old, divorced
Guys in the countryside who loves kids and his boss. His great love is the castle park which he maintains with care. He lives in a dependency of the castle and does not mix too much with the life of the village.
Daniel Ginond
Doctor and mayor, 42 years old, divorced, 1 child
Originally from the village, elegant and charming, amateur jazz-rock and travel, which brings him closer to the people of the CEA, he also has a serious problem of alcoholism, which brings him closer to the old corner. The necessary link between the two cultures.
Sergio Maggiori
Cantonnier, 44 years old, married
It's a little the enemy of the kids in the village. He likes order and impresses the rascals who steal apples from the gardens with his big mustache and loud voice. But he has his head and can bind strong bonds with some children.
Thérèse Desqueyroux
Patroness of the restaurant, 42 years old, divorced
Gamine village, she took over the tobacco bar restaurant, she holds with her daughter Nathalie at the bar. Great mouth, she knows everyone: passing drivers as locals.
yannick lekerouadec
Director of the media library, 29 years old, single
Originally from Nantes, this blonde with short hair is passionate about cultural transmission in an open and libertarian mode: the more children are crazy, the more she likes them.
Marie-Anne Chapelin
Teacher, 57, widow
Working since 1954 in the village, this smiling lady is the historian of the village of which she knows all the families and all the children.
the college émile zola
Built on the outskirts of Vauhallan, a town in Igny, it is a brand new establishment with a capacity of 450 students, leaning against a wooded hill and facing large cultivated fields.
presentation
The educational part is the main building: three levels of classrooms and science rooms, with a computer room on the first floor and a large, very bright gymnasium on the second floor.
On both sides of the courtyard are the administrative buildings. Further in the park are a sports field, a canteen / kitchen and the caretaker's house.
Two automatic gates are the main access: one on the street for students and emergencies, the other at the back for deliveries. A pedestrian gate equipped with a bell and cameras controlled from the offices of the supervisors and the principal allow to enter outside normal hours: the classes start at 8:30 am and end at 17:00, except Wednesday morning only.
Most of the students arrive from the surrounding area by automatic bus, except for cyclists and motorbike users who have a car park in front of the canteen.
The atmosphere is quite calm. The rare troubles come from the few strong heads in school trouble who prefer to spend their time stealing floating mobs and repair them in their garages.
Main places
CDI
There are a lot of books and also a Minitel self-service.
The computer room
It has its own local network and a real telematic server that hosts the Minitel site of the college, the 36 11 ZOLA updated by the students.
The covered hall
Place of power where the domination of the stars and the caïds is established. An administrative robot fixed on the wall gives the schoolboys the hours of their classes, the absences of their teachers, the menu of the canteen, etc.
The cafeteria
Cooking robots do the service for the students who can then put their tray in the noisy and crowded room.
The courtyard and the park
Students are free to move freely within the precincts of the college. The big ones willingly leave the big central court to the games of the little ones, preferring to hide behind the trees to snuggle or smoke cigarettes. The college is protected by high grids.
Local characters
Jacques Lapointe
Principal, 54 years old, married
A tall skinny man with a sad look, always in a gray suit. Savvy and disciplined, he manages his establishment without any passion. His only interest -discreet- in life: remote-controlled drones to spy on his neighbors.
Jeanne lebretz
Supervisor General, 47 years old, single
Old girl always in pants and blouse, the gray hair in a bun. Rigid and surly psychologist, she is hated by students.
Michèle Collignon
Librarian, 44 years old, married
Discreet little lady who loves the students who come in her CDI. She loves computers, she is a pioneer of the Minitel network and a few minutes are enough to find information about any subject
Anouk guyonvarch
Biology teacher, 26 years old, single
Intelligent and sensitive, it is appreciated by children. She is passionate about science and her courses always end up overflowing the program.
Paul toulemonde
French teacher, 43 years old, married
It is the person in charge of all the spectacles of the school. A strong character who seeks to reveal the artistic potential of the students, whose most expressive are his favorites.
stéphane dumais
Prof de sport, 48 years old, married
A strong seducer with a very popular expression. He often fiddles with young girls and always favors the most athletic boys. He knows little secrets about everyone.
raymond lelandais
Guardian, 53 years old, widowed
He is in charge of the maintenance of the college in which he resides, with his conical air and his low vision, his bendaine and his mustache, he is one of those whom no one notices. It is nevertheless a passionate handyman who practices in his workshop hyper equipped under canteen experiments of all kinds.
Nicolas Laustruy
4th, 15 year old student, divorced parents
Kid rebellious to any form of authority, he makes all the colors to the supervisors. He elevates indiscipline and the bad joke to the rank of art, which generates in the other students a mixture of envy and repulsion.


Underground
Two underground networks coexist on the plateau. An old network dating back to the Gallo-Roman period and a modern network built since 1972 on behalf of the CEA. They share the fact of being unknown to the general public.
the old network
It goes back to the conquest of Gaul: we owe it to the followers of Cybele (see chapter 5.2) whose methods of digging and advanced consolidation have allowed these ancient constructions not to collapse, so only 20% of the network is inaccessible in 1984. Its construction lasted until the 11th century, when the best hidden rooms of the network are established. Maps are established over the centuries, the last dating from the seventeenth century (see map next page).
The dark and rather narrow tunnels (1m70 high, 90cm wide) are made of hard, yellowish millstone stones held by solid cement. Their soil is earthen, dug by centuries of passage. The vents are few, the atmosphere is quickly stifling.
It is actually several networks more or less interconnected: Villiers-le-Bâcle is the main and probably the most remarkable with its wide corridors 2m wide by 2m high. The other networks are located around farms (Orsigny, Villeras) or castles (La Martinière).
It is accessed most often from the cellars of the oldest houses and other private buildings. Several exceptions to mention, such as access to the forest, some buildings in ruins in the woods or vertical access tunnels in the park of the castle Villiers-le-Bâcle.
Remarkable places
Under the castle of Villiers-le-Bâcle
Without a doubt one of the most exciting places for kids. It is relatively easy to access, the corridors are wide and some rooms are free to access. But soon, we come across the more frightening corridors and the marks concealing the hidden rooms.
The Villeras network
This part of the network was connected to the part of the network but the tunnel collapsed in the 17th century. Now it is the soldiers of Fort Villeras who use it as cellars and places of detention in case of need.
Under the castle of Martinière
A fairly small network but particularly unhealthy. It has long served as a refuge for the most extreme ceremonies of the Cult of Cybele. From now on it is used by the esoteric societies of the region to meet: black masses and other orgies are always on the program!
Underground lakes
From time to time you come across different networks of small caves whose bottom is filled with water. No one knows if they were dug or found. It seems that at the bottom of some are objects and skeletons of ancient times ...
The CEA network
This network is dug deep, between 25 and 30m under the ground. It dates from the late 70s.
The circular accelerator tunnel (3mx3m) is lined with a foot traffic tunnel (2mx2m). Modern and adapted to the industrial exploitation, dug in a solid white stone, illuminated day and night, their floor is concreted. Metals accommodate the fluid circulation pipes (air conditioning, hot and cold water) and electricity (high voltage 12 KV current, low currents for video and network).
The circular tunnels are 15 km long. Every kilometer, a station punctuates the course. These stations are occupied only during the test periods. Each is associated with several devices: an electromagnet that maintains the speed of the particle flow; a trajectory corrector; a measuring station equipped with computers and sensors; a living space with bed, kitchen, and shower.
In the middle of the circle is the huge Gravitron room (30m high and 50m in diameter) which houses the central control of the accelerator. More about it in chapter 3.3. It is accessed from the CEA by magnetic card elevators that arrive directly in the control room of the OSIRIS reactor.
Five pedestrian corridors connect the circular tunnels to the Gravitron room. Four of them use air-cushioned wagons. The North Tunnel, which connects directly to the Fort de Villeras, is practiced in four-wheel drive electric vehicles available at both ends of the tunnel.
Outside access is limited. They are disguised as ugly substations made of the most harmless concrete, though protected by imposing locks (difficulty 2). Once the metal door is crossed, and ignored the many warning signs of serious and immediate danger, a well with a secured ladder gives access 30 m lower to the pedestrian corridor.
See section 3.4 for a map of the CEA network.

The cea is riksenergi the radioactive releases in addition without the rollmops
This is the story of a "campus" on several acres that thirty years of exploitation have grown like a malignant tumor.
All for the atom
The CEA is born in 1945 of a Gaullian will: to equip France with the nuclear weapon. The nice egg skulls quickly need space, and calm, so we offer them a large lot both near Paris and in the countryside. Auguste Perret, an architect specializing in neoclassical concrete, is called to design the first plans that, in all modesty, he draws on those of the Château de Versailles.
As early as 1948, an Atomic City like the Palace of Science and Concrete began to grow among the wheat fields, welcoming a growing number of researchers and workers.
A permanent building site
Whether to build new labs, expand others, add storage sites, or offices and other amenities needed for the work of thousands of people, there is always a foundation that grows hollow, a slab that sinks concrete turning tops, workers in action.
A dismal atmosphere, not to say sinister.
Little natural laughter, the scientist technocrat is deadly in a group. The icy and gray architecture does not help, users go from one building to another by car, for fear of meeting a stranger who would speak to them. Thick walls and omnipresent fences add the final touch to this prison atmosphere.
A leitmotiv, the French Defense Secret
The fear of Russian espionage and the threat of nuclear energy have shaped an invisible but sensitive pressure: we do not speak much, we accept the controls, we stick to a kind of religious practice, everyone is convinced that everything is secure without it being really verifiable.
The scientific aristocracy dominates
With the highest concentration of PhDs in physics per square meter in France, it goes without saying that diplomas determine respect for individuals. Towels with a state thesis do not mix easily with BAC +5 tea towels.
to know people at CEA
Small typology in D6 of users according to their job description.
· 1 Cleaning and maintenance: the teams responsible for maintaining the site. 50% of women
· 2 Technical: the personnel responsible for the day-to-day operations in the research labs. 20% of women
· 3 Research: the elite of research in particle physics. 5% of women
· 4 Internship: a significant proportion of the staff in the labs. 10% of women
· 5 Administrative: without a particular scientific culture. 80% of women
· 6 Works: The many construction workers working on the site. 0% of women.
· X Direction: Responsible for management and development. 0% of women.
Small details on the social origins and places of residence.
· The cream of the Nucleocrats, well paid, is of Parisian origin and possesses beautiful houses, notably on the side of Versailles.
· Researchers and technicians studied in Paris and live in the new suburban neighborhoods of the plateau.
· The administrative staff are often people of the region reconverted in the management of the current boredom.
· The personnel of works and service live in the dormitory cities of nearby cities like Palaiseau.
 Having relationships with people at CEA
The links between kids and individuals working at the CEA have an impact on the information to be drawn: the further they are, the harder it will be.
1 Direct parents: mother, brother, etc.
2 Indirect parents: cousin, uncle, etc.
3 Neighbors
4 Friends of parents
5 Social Network (Minitel)
6 Sports or other association (fishing, culture, etc.)
How are the CEA people behaving?
The frequentation of a site like the CEA leaves traces. Disruptions in behavior and character are slight or even indistinguishable for recent employees who do not access research laboratories. On the other hand, the long-time researchers who participate in the Kheops project are depressed, neurasthenic, irritable, etc.
The research
The CEA is a key location in nuclear research in France. Some dates to get an idea:
1955: First proton synchrotron
1957-61: First nuclear reactors
1964: Start-up of the Isis-Osiris reactors
1977: Beginning of the Kheops project
1980: Start-up of the Orphée reactor
1983: Activation of the particle accelerator
How to know the projects of the CEA?
Diffuse knowledge
The rumors around the CEA are not lacking and the kids are immersed in the more or less well-founded stories circulating.
False rumors
· The CEA is in contact with aliens
· The CEA has built cyborgs indistinguishable from human beings
· The CEA has a kidnapping policy, especially young children
True rumors
· The CEA operates nuclear reactors
· The CEA regularly pollutes rivers and soils
· The CEA has built a huge particle accelerator
 Indirect knowledge
Kids can receive information from their knowledge or from the scientific press. These are fairly reliable general facts about more or less formal projects.
Some details in particular may be flawed in relation to publicly stated theses.
Direct knowledge
To understand the following precise information, you must pass a minimum difficulty level 2 or 3 because they require a high level in physics or mathematics.
· Access to research documents, paper or electronic format
· Access to a research laboratory
· Discussion between researchers
Enter the CEA
If the kids want to cross the threshold of CEA, do not try to dissuade them. This is probably the coolest and crazy thing to do in the area!
Enter the physical site
· Surveillance systems: entrance cameras, round guards at night
· Outdoor speaker: single fences with barbed wire at the top
· Circulation in the site: wide streets, weak passage
· Doors, locks, digicodes: each person has different access games according to their rights
Plan of the places
Several versions of the plan are available
· Public versions for non-researchers with streets and general buildings (see annex)
· Internal versions with references to projects and research labs (see map opposite)
· Secret-defense versions with mention of the KHEOPS project and its accesses
Timetable
6:00 Arrival of staff: cleaning, catering, night watchman.
9:00 am The ballet of the cars of employees pass the doors to go to the different buildings and park in the streets or small car parks.
12:00 pm Canteen. Everyone migrates to the vast restaurant located in the middle of the site. The executives eat lunch.
14:00 Rotation of the guard
17:00 End of the day. Everyone takes his car and goes home. Rotation
20:00 Departure of the last researchers, nevertheless allowed to occupy their laboratories as they wish. Some stay later, or even sleep on the spot.
22:00 Rotation of the guard for the night
The central building
Located in the center of the site, with its architecture of "Petit Versailles" sad, it houses the offices of management and reception rooms.
The particle accelerator
A Gravitron Room is located immediately below the main building, in the center of an 8-kilometer diameter accelerator.
The reactors
They are test reactors, but powerful enough to power a complete city or particle accelerator.
The water tower
Central column of the site, electromagnetic needle visible several miles around, its strange architecture irrigates the entire base.
the water reserve
Responsible for the supply of water and the evacuation of cooling water charged with radioactive components.
The underground network
Each CEA building is connected to a network of underground tunnels, including the particle accelerator.
Secondary accesses
Holes in the fence, ventilation or evacuation tunnels, unattended doors, the CEA is quite accessible for discreet kids.
Some characters

André descoupes
36 years old, married, 2 children
The technical and logistics manager of the site, irreproachable profile, serious, organized. And selling any information to the highest bidder without complex.
Albert Dieudonné
41 years old, single
It's the crazy engineer. Formerly brilliant and Cartesian student, now devoured by anguish and guilt, he pours into mysticism to compensate. He participates actively in several bizarre sects of the region where he spends the darkest of his evenings.
Mary Cavendish
34 years old, single
American spy for the CIA and NATO, employee in charge of the exchange programs and the trips abroad of the employees. Multiplies sentimental adventures and poses microphones.
Raymond of Saint-Leu
52 years old, married without children
A polytechnician at the head of the CEA, a boss looks as dull as his business. In reality, a fine strategist, a wise chess player, a fast and unpredictable rider.
amenities
DANs the laboratories
Some contain advanced equipment and transportable energy sources
Security staff
Equipped with walkie-talkies, vehicles and defense dogs.
.
Project kheops: the loop of the cea
Why Cheops? At the same time because of fascination for the esoteric mythology and the excessiveness of the project: 3 Billion francs for a circuit of 15 kilometers in diameter, is one of the largest in the world. Designed by an international consortium led by the French, it was implemented by the CEA, under the aegis of the miliary authority.
A discreet job site
From 1977 to 1982, the CEA struggles to keep the secret: how to explain these incessant round trips of cargo ships?
Carrying building materials and thousands of tons of rock extracted from the basement, air ballets create suspicion of civilians.
At first we talked about an atomic shelter, then underground reactors before the scattered confidences of the employees were guiding the suspicions about a large-scale project hidden underground and a vector of terrible risks: we would generate there anti matter ...
In short, rumors not far from reality.
particles in madness
The Khufu project is dedicated to experiments on strong interactions, one of the fundamental forces of matter, the one behind nuclear energy. For this purpose the particles must circulate in the circuit with a maximum energy level. To achieve and maintain high speeds, Kheops uses resonance: particle oscillation is maintained and energy is reinjected in phase, when it can add to the energy already accumulated.
The accelerator requires a colossal energy to operate: 60 MW peak. It takes the joint power of the three reactors of Saclay to feed it. It is also an important human burden: a minimum of sixty people in rotation is required to ensure its proper functioning.
The particles are introduced into the station A located under the Fort de Villeras. Projected at high speed they are maintained in their movement by the accelerators distributed along the circuit. Curvature magnets evenly distributed at regular intervals serve to straighten the flow so that it describes a perfect circle.
The circuit as a whole is therefore a complex set of electromagnetic energy handling machines maintained at low temperature in order to obtain a superconductivity capable of suspending the magnetism and obtaining a locally minimal electrical resistance.
ACCESS AND ATTENDANCE
The underground part is described in chapter 2.7.
Within CEA, access to Kheops is through the main well, which only a few researchers and technicians can access. This main well is a large concrete hole of 20m in diameter equipped with a series of elevators accessed by building No. 395.
Side effects
The abnormal physical properties of certain resonance-related frequencies have been quick to provoke supernatural effects all around the accelerator course:

· Antigravity pockets
These zones of a few tens of a meter in diameter are manifested by an alteration, or even a suppression, of the terrestrial attraction. For a few minutes, objects weigh nothing, or even float in the air.

· Material or temporal displacement
Portals are displayed that allow you to travel in space (a few hundred meters) or time (a few minutes).

· Electromagnetic disturbances
The forms of disturbances of the magnetic field take various forms depending on their intensity. Low, they disorient birds and cause a radio background noise. Medium intensity, they completely scramble all radio emissions and cause malfunctions of all devices. The strongest break all the electrical circuits in the area.

· Abnormal strong interactions
These consequences are undoubtedly the most extraordinary because they modify the most elementary rules of nature. Objects disappear completely when they receive a minimal shock. Totally abnormal chemical reactions occur, such as a simple match causing a nuclear micro-explosion, a bottle of soda that turns into a burning geyser at the opening or even a bulb that shines like a sun.


CEA's inventions
For a long time, research at the CEA was satisfied with fundamental physics by applying it to reactors and other accelerators, without forgetting nuclear warheads. The military collaboration has seen new labs dedicated to research in the fields of propulsion, robotics and genetic engineering.
The following projects are under development at CEA. They exist only in rare copies on which researchers and soldiers watch with grain. Urs and soldiers watch over grain. In other words, players will regularly cross a few, around the CEA or military forts.
arms
Portal gun
Powered by a miniature atomic battery, suitcase to which this weapon is connected, this gun makes it possible to travel in the space, by opening two portals. Like © Portal, but with a metal pistol.
Rifle immobilizer
The size of an assault rifle, it projects an electric arc a few tens of meters whose effect is close to the taser, which paralyzes its target by blocking the nervous system.
Propulsion
Motorized exoskeleton
Originally designed to penetrate radioactive environments, these mechanical armor 3m high, and closer to the tank than IronMan, are powered by a nuclear battery, assisted by artificial intelligence and they welcome a human being.
Flying weapon
Combination of a nuclear-powered autonomous drone whose wingspan exceeds 3m and a location for mechanical weapons (9mm assault rifle) or energy (immobilizing rifle, laser).
Flying electric jeep
A vehicle fast enough for a floating vehicle (30km / h) and makes no noise.
Utilities
Cloak of Invisibility
By working on metamaterials, which have exceptional electromagnetic properties, researchers have developed a fabric capable of returning light microwaves. This is not without constraints: the cape is a solid cylinder that must be turned in the direction of the person whose wish to remain invisible. From another angle, we see an image of refraction improbable on the surface of the cape.
Night vision glasses
The glasses produced by the CEA are of exceptional quality: they allow to see in the dark almost complete while adapting very quickly to changes in ambient light. They are available in the form of binoculars or scopes and are among the most common of the items on display here.
radioactive
Accelerator of DNA alterations
This radiation device ionizes living cells to modify their DNA structure. Used on embryos, it increases the chances of appearances of new characters. Like more resistant animals ... or other aberrations.
Growth accelerator
It is a radioactive injectable substance that modifies the hormonal balance with the effect of a rapid growth of young organisms ... with the only constraint shortened life.
Time travel
Unique and massive device, located in building 126, which allows to travel in time and space. Each trip consumes tremendous energy and extremely long computing times (over three months).
Molecular fusion
Portable device that fuse molecules, like a kind of super glue. Available as a 4.5V battery gun.





mysteries at Cea
Mystics and secret society
Ancient Egypt is the passion of CEA scientists, hence the names of their reactors. Their intuition: the Egyptians mastered the powers of nuclear and magnetrine at least in a rustic version.
This passion took the form of secret societies that use coded languages ​​and come together to worship the Egyptian divinities. Military, scientific and all kinds of local oils are members, following sometimes sacrificial rites learned directly from priests transported in time.
nuclides in shambles
Numerous nuclear leaks have occurred at the CEA. In order to keep the situation under control, measurement stations linked by a wired air communication network have been established in the surrounding area to measure the concentration of soils, water and air in radioactive substances.
In fact, several places are quite badly affected. All the lakes in the region have a high concentration of ionized discharges, which causes local mutations of fauna and flora. Wild deposits of nuclear waste have also occurred in the surrounding woods.
the villa punched
It is a beautiful residence lost in the woods of Saint Aubin, in the middle of a large park. A bunch of awesome maths lives in almost autarky. More or less without their knowledge, they are stuffed with drugs to boost their mathematical reverie. It is not unusual to find a wanderer in the woods in full decompression schizophrenic.
Yesterday is today
The French CEA became specialists in time travel and their portals allowed them to bring Egyptian priests and other human travelers of antiquity, who have variously appreciated the idea that the trip was one way. Some have accepted and live still hidden or are being acclimated. Others refused, meaning their imprisonment or death.

The unionist of the ray of death
Like Anatoli Bugorski in Russia, one of CEA's researchers placed his head in a particle accelerator. Surviving the drama held incommunicado by the authorities, he resumed a normal life. And kept for himself his particular gift: to be able to manipulate quantum mechanics. He trains discursively to move through space via quantum tunnels
real facts of the cea
nuclear facilities
Several nuclear test reactors have been commissioned at the Saclay site since its construction. The most powerful were actually named Hermes and Osiris (70MW), but there were EL2, EL3, and Ulysses in particular. They produced quantities of radioactive substances, including plutonium or technetium.
Now stopped, they are used to study how to operate the dismantling of nuclear facilities. What even for low power reactors today seems complicated: the storages and the projects drags while absorbing sums always more important. Thus the EL3 stack stopped in 1979: some of the materials are still on site and the date of 2030 is advanced for its complete dismantling.
Other Basic Nuclear Installations are present on the site, such as high activity laboratories (LHA), for experimental purposes. The Synchrotron Soleil installed in Saint Aubin is later (2006).
The surveillance
For a long time, the CEA has self-controlled. Responsible for nuclear risk management, he produced standards, researchers, technicians and tools in this area. Since the 1980s, the waltz of institutes devoted to the control of nuclear power is making things dizzy. Always in fusion <laughs> but always in the bosom of the technocratic apparatus and thus the CEA, they are called SCPRI, OPRI, ASN, IRSN, reassure the population and minimize the risks, as during the accidents of Chernobyl or Fukishima.
the rejects
In the 1950s, several incidents took place on the site without the public being warned. Legitimate doubts exist regarding the release of nuclides into watercourses, the maximum quantities of which were fixed and measured by the CEA itself at the outset. It is enough to remember the calamitous conditions in which the nuclear tests (Sahara, Mururoa, Fangataufa) were operated in a frame thought by the CEA researchers to put themselves in the state of the mind of the time, not very concerned about the public health issues (euphemism). In this context, the harmfulness of waste considered as low level radioactive was notoriously underestimated.
On the side of the site of the Synchrotron Sun is a former radioactive waste dump of the Atomic Energy Commission, with soils contaminated by many radioactive products (some illegal) measured by CRIIRAD as follows: Cs 137 (7 960 Bq), Ba 133 (90 Bq), Co 60 (3175 Bq), Eu 152 (1720 Bq), Eu 154 (150 Bq), Eu 155 (635 Bq), Am 241 (530 Bq), U 235 ( 70 Bq). It also found plutonium 238 (98.3 Bq / kg), 239 and 240 (2153 Bq / kg) of military origin.
nuclear weapons
The primary role of the CEA was to enable the production of nuclear weapons that led from the beginning of the French nuclear weapon to the current disarmament via the Directorate of Military Applications. Responsible for just about everything from research to testing to materials, the CEA bathed in the Secret Defense throughout the Cold War.
The CEA was also in charge of the design and production of the nuclear propulsion systems of the submarines of the tactical force.

The difference between god and a pilot is that God does not take himself for a pilot

 the forces involved
weapons and aircraft on the plain
The presence of aerodromes for experimental and test flights is historic on the Plaine de Saclay, which saw the first aircraft using magnetrine to cross the sky, and often fall in the mid-1950s.
Add to that the two strong military Villeras and Buc, historically dedicated to the defense of Paris and reconverted top secret bases. Their official mission: the experimentation of propulsion models and robots. Unofficially, electro-magnetic weapons, or laser, or self-borne, or conveyed, or in combination with several unbridled factors.
In aeronautics, if research continues, it is now more oriented to drones on Fort de Buc and its attached airfield, while Vélizy-Villacoublay is dedicated to jets.
Military FORCES
the fort of buc
A very strange place, entirely concealed, surrounded by ditches in bad condition, dug underground galleries in all directions. An air force company composed of a captain, 15 non-commissioned officers, 100 men. Heavily guarded and covered with trees, the soldiers live in a rather deleterious and rough atmosphere.
The Fort be Buc is specialized in autonomous weapon systems: robots of all kinds stored nearby, sometimes including steering systems and manuals.
Jérôme Thierry, 19 years old, conscript
Based in Villeras, he spent a quarter of an hour under the local command. He enjoys all his free time to get drunk in the bars of the region and he happens to go in great tirades on what is happening at Fort, without any concern for the defense secret.
Commander Éric Leduc, 50, married
Responsible for Fort Vileras, an old-fashioned soldier, demanding and narrow-minded. He is in contact with the secret services for which he makes his men work on multiple projects.
AMENITIES
on aerodromes
Fans of amateur radio will be served: all that one can imagine is available in an aerodrome, in short and long waves.
The flying material should not except for the interest of the players, and its nature depends on the aerodrome. The only small amateur aircraft are in Toussus-le-Noble, which also has some large floating vehicles, not all in good condition. In Buc, mainly drones and complex robots. Velizy-Villacoublay is reserved for fighter jets and other jets.
the soldier, always a brick of gear on him
The military has many vehicles to transport troops and equipment. Mostly jeeps or trucks and some floating pretty impressive by their size.
Their armament is well supplied, you can imagine pretty much what you want. Yes, portable rocket launchers too.
They have communication equipment whose quality is either mediocre or too complex for a civilian to use without an instruction manual.
Inventions of the military
Surprising as it may seem, there are many creative and ingenious French soldiers. When we tell you it's a parallel world!
ARM
Laser cannon
3m long, mounted on a rotating mechanical turntable, this power monster is able to target flying devices and shoot pulses of several tens of kilowatts.
robotics
Underwater robot
Almost ready for the combt, this robot looks like an octopus 70 cm in diameter equipped with mechanical tentacles 1m50 long. Intended to accompany the troops of infliltration, it is regularly tested in the lake behind the Fort of Villeras to test its capacities of metal cutting or attack of divers. A funny creature to cross when you swim in the nearby lake ...
avionics
VAS program
This ambitious program produces flying devices that look like flying saucers several meters in diameter, controllable several dozens of kilometers from a cockpit that would make a complex control tower for a Magic Dictation so full of screens and devices.
mysteries
lights in the night
Almost 30 years ago that flying machines with magnetrine pass like big cows in the sky by flashing. When aliens visit the air sector by tapping mach 4 points, even the military can hardly believe it. If the truth is elsewhere ... it may be in a strong military where one of the ET is locked up.
abandoned carcasses
More than one flight test failed miserably on the Saclay plateau. The most damaged wrecks are abandoned in the woods. They are packed with high-tech components, motors, generators, controllers, magnet plates, short and long-range radios.
You shoot or you point ?
The more or less discrete tests of armaments in relation with CEA laboratories are the occasion of sound and visual events noticed: more or less controlled explosions, flashes of light, or the disappearance of a piece of forest, the neighbors come to pity, but the officers ignore the pettiness of the civilians. Point of discretion, anyway officially all this is only engines and robots, and if a laser gun falls from a truck is a spy seeks to stir trouble.
the creature of the lake
In Saclay Lake, behind Villeras Fort, is sleeping a strange creature. Humanoid with a snake's head, she was brought back from Egypt but still manages to escape thanks to her gifts of mimicry. One of the secret society led by a senior has devoted himself to recovery, which is not done without harm, the creature becomes very aggressive if it is teased.
robots
The experimentation of robots and drones is one of the main activities of Buc Fort. Innumerable prototypes have been tried, from the most pragmatic (exploration rovers with light weapons) to the most delirious (autonomous bipeds heavily armed). Many of them have been lost or stolen by unscrupulous soldiers. Some are stashed in the area. It also happens that the control is lost on the new autonomous machines that start to wander in the region, the military looking for them.
dinosaurs
Armed soldiers brought back baby dinosaurs using the CEA's portals. The critters are locked in the surrounding underground, but sometimes some escape. It is said that kids stashed a baby Allosaurus all covered with down in a barn. A future chicken of 10m in sum.
ancient darkness
who haunt
these crypts Unearth your mysteries
for goonies
on the run
me, khasekemouy, pharaoh
Khasekemouy, a true Pharaoh of ancient Egypt, whose action in 1984 will forever change the country of the pie-bellies.
A discreet pharaoh
We are in the twenty-first century BC
Son of Sekhemib, a warrior pharaoh who united Upper and Lower Egypt, and father of Djeser, builder of the first pyramid, here is Khasekemouy. The one that modern history considers the last pharaoh of the Second Dynasty without abounding the traces of his reign.
A mysterious pharaoh? Logic. He planned his own disappearance to hide the secret of his discoveries, nothing less than immortality and nuclear energy.
He erected colossal megastructures, such as the Nekhen Fort, but especially the structure of Umm el-Qa'ab, an experimental site where the first human-controlled nuclear reactions took place: in the middle of a huge pool of water salty, circuits of copper and gold cut in granite channeled the energy of the lightning to start a pile with uranium.
the descendant of mummies
The priests made Khasekemouy a theosophist, a scholar, and a warrior. Early genius, he was very soon obsessed by the mechanisms of physics and especially by changes in the state of matter. Scientist and engineer before the hour, to be charming and cultivated.
One day, a Dogon mage was taken prisoner by his father, Sekhemib, obsessed with eternal life, on the basis of rumors attributing to this people of West Africa extraordinary knowledge whose real origin was the a fortuitous visit to be extraterrestrials since left but of which the Dogons learned enormously in astronomy as in physics. The old Dogon recognized the immense talent of the son Khasekemouy, the only one to whom he agreed to speak and transmit his knowledge, thanks to which Khasekemouy was able to produce electricity when he was only thirteen. This assured him the boundless admiration of priests whose magical effects based on smoke and mechanical statues were beginning to weary.
After a decade of experimentation, driven by his father Sekhemib's obsession with eternal life, he managed to make Sekhemib the first human to come back from the dead: an intense electric force passed through his body perfectly dried up. brought back to life. At what price.
For the transformation was not without ravaging his mind and the son came to have to fight his own father obsessed with hatred and the desire for absolute domination. After a time of turmoil that caused a new separation of the two Egypt Sekhemib, now known as Seth-Peribsen, was defeated.
Khasekemouy withdrew from public life to continue his research and bring Egypt to its heyday. Egyptian esotericism began to be filled with references to the hidden pharaoh, the link between heaven and earth, the material and the spiritual, the master of time. Thus, the figure of the boat Osiris on his boat carrying the souls is inspired by the experimental protocol Khasekemouy. The father and his henchmen inspired the figure of Vampires (Heka) feeding on the life force.
the architect of the pyramids
Considering the dangers of eternal life that he had given himself to better understand the constraints, Khasekemouy concludes that humanity was not ready and the risks too great.
His great project was to use his discoveries on mechanical properties of water and electricity to create an exceptional monument: the pyramid of Djeser, his son, who received a great tomb at the height of his decision: not to receive eternal life and keep the secret secret.
Khasekemouy's life became the best kept secret in the world. Protected by a caste of powerful priests, the true ruler of a prosperous people, he could have continued his experiments indefinitely if the tax of immortality had not required increasing efforts to keep his metabolism active. Hydrating her body and feeding it with electrical energy became daily needs. Working on the conductive properties of metals, he lived among gold and copper to best preserve his energy.
one way for the CEA
It was then that Bernard Penault burst onto the Lands of Upper Egypt in 2035 BC. JC.
Sent by the CEA to uncover the ancient mysteries that fascinated its researchers, a week is enough for the traveler to be introduced to Khasekemouy, whose keen mind perceived that such a visitor could not come without having provided a means of return. Having developed a means of visual communication, he tested the scientific knowledge of his host that confirmed his membership in the future.
Invited by Bernard to join our time, Khasekemouy's response was positive. Grandiose! The first immortal of the human race would also be a traveler in time! More prosaically, he also hoped to learn how to relieve his painful existence with scholars far more advanced than him.
When the space-time gap opened one year later, he swept away, leaving behind his glorious past. But ... His disenchantment was the measure of his hope: too happy with their discovery CEA scientists hastened to caged it like the monkey he was for them, before submitting it to all kinds of experiments . Khasekemouy was able to take advantage of this situation while keeping his legendary calm. In the first months of his detention, his hosts perfected an electric battery for his vital needs in parallel with various care and tests on his body. His progressive mastery of French, of both the language and the native language, informed him of many secrets and scientific knowledge. So much so that one day he managed to escape by taking with him a quantity of equipment necessary for his needs.
The details of his escape are nebulous for the CEA. One Monday morning, a year after his arrival, he was gone. Disappeared, with all the contents of the laboratory and reports on the project, paper as electronic. It was as if all the experience had been a dream, and the clueless scientists could only wonder about it, as Khasekemouy had predicted. Without their guinea pig, they were nothing.
prisoner of time
Thanks to a space fault designed by his care, the guinea pig had taken refuge in the tunnels of Villeneuve-le-Bâcle. His battery is weak, he prepares his survival by evaluating the means to continue looting the CEA. But also to return to his time of origin. He knows that a colossal energy dump, as used by the particle accelerator, will be necessary for his time travel.
The players will meet him while he is looking for support. He will feel their importance in the events that will happen. Players will have to decide if they want to a) ally with him or b) oppose him and see him become their Nemesis.
a) In this first case, it will load them with missions of increasing importance until the final experiment: the opening of a temporal fault, its return and an accident of the reactor Osiris with the CEA. In passing, Khasekemouy can become a true friend of the characters, attracted by the strangeness of their lives. A pharaoh nodding his head while listening to the Rolling Stones on a walkman, guaranteed effect.
b) Otherwise Khasekemouy becomes their personal enemy whose plans will have to be foiled. Not easy when no adult believes you when you explain that a true pharaoh is hiding in the basements of your village, that he is master of the ploys, concealment and clouds of smoke, and that he will simply destroy the region.
in person
Khasekemouy is tall, but extremely thin. His natural magnetism imposes an almost supernatural authority. His voice from beyond falls, captivating, expresses itself in a perfect French whose guttural accents betray the origin foreign to our time. He never reveals his face, always wearing a veil of black gauze.
Chronology

February 1983: Arrival at the CEA
March 1984: Escape from the CEA
July 1984: Meeting with the kids
June 5, 1986: Opening of the temporal fault, overheating of the Osiris reactor
Countdown (Allied camp)
. Khaskemouy needs information
. His battery loses energy
. He seeks to enter the CEA to spy on
. He begins the assembly of a machine to go back the time
. He performs particle accelerator diversion experiments
Countdown (enemy camp)
. Information leaks take place: kids are loosely connected to the case
. Theft of equipment takes place: Khasekemouy tries to make the kids wear the hat
. Energy diversions trigger intensive searches that ostensibly point to kids
The cult of cybele
A mystery dating from antiquity still present nearly 2000 years after its introduction on the plateau of Saclay, very useful if a dimension lovecraftienne tempts you.
A fertile and cruel goddess
The cult of Cybele dates back several millennia. In the remote areas of Anatolia the rituals of adoration of a Mother Goddess of generous form were rather transgressive: castrations, orgies, sacrifices of humans and mixed animals. The initiates worshiped sacred black stones on which was poured the blood of the sacrificed ones. If the powers of these meteoritic stones with real magnetism were more or less known, the ritual cannibalism of the great priests of the cult remained secret.
This veneration of the Magna Mater was spread throughout the Roman Empire in the first century. His cult met with great success in the Parisii region. Coming for the holidays with pagan accents the followers remained for depraved masses.
the visible and the invisible
The cult became important in the region in the third century AD, a temple of Cybele was erected on the current location of the church of Villiers-le-Bâcle. It gave access to a network of underground galleries dug by the followers to practice their mysteries.
The success was such that a sacred stone came from Asia Minor to mark the largest temple of Cybele in the North. The festive celebrations of spring then made a name for themselves all over Europe. We came from far and wide to participate in the abuse of drink, sex and violence.
The excesses were repressed since Roman times, human castrations prohibited. In vain. The Catholic Church in the Middle Ages was more efficient at cleaning, at least she thought. At Saint Aubin, she set up a company charged with preventing any pagan worship. The temple was abandoned, the festivities suppressed. But the underground celebrations continued, their violence increased tenfold to fill the scarcity.
Between the Renaissance and the Modern Times, the cult perished by the peasant families of the plateau. Every 25 years, they performed a human sacrifice to appoint a new priestess, who castrated the next high priest and absorbed the flesh of the sacrificed before a general mating began. All in a sort of awakened nightmare that each generation of participants, moved by a call from the depths of time, occulted his consciousness by returning to the surface.
Actual status
Cultists are few in number, fifty or more. They are essentially members of families living in a few villages such as the Val d'Enfer, Orsigny, the Auberge du Christ and the surrounding farms. The meetings are held every year from March 15th to 27th.
Non-members know the old stories of black masses, orgies and taboo acts. Only the initiates of the secret societies of the region, fond of esotericism, occult sciences and ancient knowledge know that some truth lies behind these rumors although access to worship be closed. Kids may have heard of these stories to sleep.
The rooms of worship are accessible to who knows how to open the passages in the underground tunnels: often it is about a heavy stone to be moved not far from a symbol like the letters MM, a head of lion or goat.
The sacred hall of worship is located under the castle of Villiers-le-Bâcle, which is connected to it by its storeroom provided to know the good passage. It hosts a statue of the Goddess in which is encased a black meteorite stone of 100 kilos. When the accelerator is running, the stone causes disturbances of the magnetic field to unpredictable results. Alterations of the gravity, the march of the engines, the terrestrial field are certainly surprising, but when real striking spirits, ghosts of the sacrificed victims, begin to sweep over the city, the situation becomes uncontrollable.
indices and useful agents
The church of Villiers-le-Bâcle
It is uncrowded, bizarre, vaguely repulsive. Built on the ruins of the Ancient Temple, it takes up some strange architectural and decorative elements: massive columns, statues of antique appearance, goat heads engraved on the walls ... Rumors in the village say that a door in the presbytery gives access to a worm-eaten stone staircase leading to ancient underground.
The commandery of Saint Aubin
The old stronghold, its moat, church and prison were converted into a farm and then into a cultural place. On the occasion of a class outing, young people would have hidden vestiges behind a wall, including a map of the underground passages.
The inn of christ
It was in this place that foreigners coming to worship were historically lodged. The Church to mark her dominion defeated the buildings and placed a Christ on the cross that was stolen and slaughtered over the centuries, until a member of the Worship was commissioned to carve its version. Very ugly of the general opinion, she did not disappear like the others. Carved in a strange black stone and with a curious symbolism like this extra nail planted in the plexus, it still has a weird effect when we look at it. It is also said that the Auberge established there is cursed: many disappearances have occurred there over the ages.
Books
In the municipal and private libraries, some ancient writings attest to the Cult of Cybele around Saclay. They evoke the processions going underground in the Temple during the Spring Festival, the worship of stones, the sacrifices. Some evoke the fight against the cult and its possible survival.
Memoirs of elders
Some peasants whose families stay away from the Cult know more than they want to confess, to avoid worries. But with a glass too many, it is possible that the languages ​​are loosened, and that allusions suggest that in the region if something strange happens, it is not always the fault of the CEA, but sometimes that worshipers of the Goddess.
In the underground
Few people voluntarily visit the lower network, and those who do prefer to remain discreet about their knowledge of the place. But it may be that a visitor pays attention to traces of more passages in front of an engraving in the wall or a cabalistic sign.


UFO surprise
1h clock. Pretirés welcome.
the pitch
A flying saucer falls near the kids who are fleeing before it explodes. Turns out, it's a military "UFO" being tested at Fort de Buc.
EXPOSURE
Outside night. The kids are together during their holidays in a wood. It's up to them to imagine why: a night out with a friend, an evening in their hideout, a wild camping? Atmosphere fire and scary stories.
Suddenly, a flying saucer melts from the sky in a thud, slows down suddenly above them and will finish its fall in a clearing not far. Full moon, small fresh wind, dogs howling at the moon, the spooky side of the situation is essential.
RESOLUTION
The saucer (outside)
If the kids are reluctant to approach, use the group pet that rushes to the saucer loudly before planting itself in front of it.
Indices:
· The saucer is 6m in diameter, 3m high. Planted at 30 ° in the ground, a pearly light comes out of its portholes.
· A "shwoooorm" rattle is heard more closely, languidly, every 3 minutes. Scary.
· Its one-piece shell is made of a shiny metal (aluminum alloy), that the shock has damaged well.
· It can be easily damaged.
· Under the saucer, a hatch opened in ramp access mode. Bingo. [Force 1] + [Movement 2] to enter.
In the saucer
Use the animal again to force the hesitant to enter. The kids discover a black and white room (see 2001 Space Odyssey) filled with screens.
Indices:
· Nobody inside.
· The part that touched the ground is disturbing: it emits sparks and the rattle strange. A panel fell: it gives access to electronic circuits [Investigation 1] which are of human manufacture and difficult to repair [Bidouille 3].
· A technician has forgotten a technical checklist. On this one: code name "Silent Autonomous Flight", today's date, National Defense and Fort de Buc insignia.
· Dashboards can be manipulated with [Bidouille] and [Programming] for more information, see restarting the device.
DENOUEMENT
An urgent beep (spaced 10 seconds, then 3, then 1) indicates self destruction., Followed by a beautiful nuclide sauce explosion when the kids run away. Flames. Arrival of the military. Cleaning the area.
Unless they take off again, in which case the saucer transports them to Fort de Buc, or wherever they manage to take control.
If there is time, manage the media coverage of the event: for example in case of explosion, the media speak of a truck burned in a case of banditry. The Truth Is Out There ...
COUNTDOWN
· The saucer starts to produce the repetitive beep.
REVERSE COUNTDOWN
· Truck noises and voices in the distance: the soldiers arrive.
· In the sky, a helicopter with a lamp pointed to the ground approaches.
panic in college
Short scenario (2 hours) horror type. Maintain constant pressure by raising anxiety.
the pitch
The kids are confronted with strange creatures in the college Émile Zola. Turns out, it's clones of the guardian who escaped. See chapter 2.6 for characters and maps.
the mystery
Jean-Pierre Lelandais cloned his DNA in the laboratory of his apartment with the help of Miss Debretz. Their three "offspring" are caricatures of being human. Protected by Mr. Lelandais, they scare and disgust Miss Debretz. One day, during the nap of their "dad", they escape and sow disorder in the college.
Clones
Size 1m, face puffy and grotesque, brown curly hair, dressed in stitched clothes. They are small brutes (Force 4) vicious and "playful".
Designed with the support of the general supervisor, they were raised in a basement, express themselves as 3-year-olds, and share a common language that is incomprehensible to other people.
EXPOSURE
Wednesday, November 7, 1984 1:15 pm Misty day. The kids are stuck in college for having dried a day without explanation (to them to explain why between them). They are supervised by the psychologist Miss Debretz in the waiting room.
Suddenly, she looks out and looks surprised. If the kids pass a Perception test, they have time to see something outside a branch in the park.
The supervisor then comes out hurriedly after asking the kids to remain wise, the time she comes back.
RESOLUTION
· A cry of terror is heard. Miss Lebretz has just spotted a clone chasing her cat with a meat grinder. She collapses in the yard.
· Raised by the kids, she runs away telling them to hide in the toilet.
· Any room where the kids are is stormed after fifteen minutes by 1D3 clones that will face or flee.
· Miss Lebretz will wake up the guardian. We can discover their hidden relationship by following it.
· Mr. Lelandais will hunt clones and bring them back to the workshop.
We can discover their hideout by following it.
DENOUEMENT
· The doors of the establishment are closed. But a leak is possible through the roofs of the workshop or canteen.
· After half an hour the principal can help the kids out, not without trying to understand what is happening.
· After an hour - once the clones returned to their cellar - Miss Debretz finds and leaves the college kids without explanation.
consequences
· No consequences the next day in college if the kids escape. Only Mlle Lebretz's absence for "illness" is remarkable.
· The couple will hide the facts and claim that the kids lie if they are threatened.
· If kids have evidence, photos or recordings, the couple is fired.
COUNTDOWN
· Miss Lebretz falls in the apples
· A clone attacks the room where the children are
· Kids understand that there are several clones
· Kids are confronted with one of the clones
REVERSE COUNTDOWN
· The principal returns from a meeting and discovers the body of the cat in the middle of the courtyard.
·

black chuck
An investigative scenario that can span two parts and confronts the kids with a mutant and endearing creature, a modern Baskerville Dog from The Thing.
the pitch
Kids face strange facts related to a fantastic creature. Turns out, the creature turns heads to local scientists who are going to be far more dangerous than her.
the mystery
Everything begins in the small firm body of the FOURNIER family, located in the hamlet of Moulon. In 1982, the atmosphere is dreary. While breeding is not the heart of the activity of this medium-sized farm, Father FOURNIER is sorry to lose so many animals at birth. Calves, kids and even puppies have zero lifespan, with sometimes shocking physical deformities.
Although he does not speak much about it, Father FOURNIER suspects his neighbor the LABORATORY of Research in Genetic Engineering installed in the Farm of the Moulon which gives his name to the hamlet. Affiliated with the CEA, under the direction of Dr. LANGDON, this laboratory actually experiments on animals and pollutes abundantly its immediate environment despite a smoother and innocent appearance.
One day, a single pup is the only survivor of a litter. Father Fournier rejoices. As a fan of fighting movies, he calls CHUCK the puppy with an already surprising appearance: completely black, strong and his eyes already open.
CHUCK quickly appears out of the ordinary: having grown up too fast, he is surprisingly intelligent. He built a strong relationship with the son of the family, Sylvain FOURNIER, who renamed BLACKIE and spend all his days with him.
The turn of things changes when CHUCK's appearance becomes suspicious: the shape of his pupils changes as a cat loses all his cubs. And things did not work out: CHUCK kept growing and his appearance changed according to new stillborns: horns appear to him with a litter of kids, hooves for a dead foal.
What generate fear and embarrassment at FOURNIER. So much so that a cheek, rural drama scene. Father FOURNIER having drunk too much, takes his weapon to shoot CHUCK when SYLVAIN FOURNIER puts himself in front of the rifle and the dog flees. Tears, incomprehension, punishment, remorse.
And the monstrous dog began to roam, and the people who saw it were afraid, and so was born the legend of the black monster in the region. The kids are involved in the case nearly two months after CHUCK fled and when he is two years old.
Dramatic arches
The story should go to the walls of the Ferme de Moulon after CHUCK was captured and promised a certain death by DOCTOR LANGDON. These are the two characters whose transformation counts in relation to the players.
DOCTOR LANGDON
Honor to the villain of history. It is his incompetence more than a real malice or a Machiavellian plan that will place him in this role.
Aged 45, he is always dressed to the nines. His long list of diplomas as his arm and his interest in genetic manipulation have opened the doors of the laboratory he leads with an iron fist. Of a closed and angry character, he spends his time at the Ferme du Moulon.
Confronted with the reality of a chimerical creature, which he fears is a side effect of his experiments, he will try to make it disappear by any means. Including attacking kids if needed.
He must be presented as a good man, ready to help the kids, before his duplicity is revealed. A final redemption would be welcome to emphasize the pitiful nature of the scientist overwhelmed by events.
CHUCK / BLACKIE
Creature with extraordinary metabolism that gives it the strength and intelligence of many animals but turns it into a monster.
Its shape is changeable because its organism is able to mutate by appropriating strands of DNA from other species. One must imagine a black dog, with pointed ears, with cat's eyes, as large and broad as a pony, with wings, paws, horns or a mole's snout depending on his metabolism.
Put in a situation of danger, it can push him horns or others in a few hours.
But these transformations he does not control them are painful and source of heartbreaking yelps.
Another capacity that will appear when he is put in danger: super fast regeneration capacities, a few hours him enough to be put back on foot after severe injuries.
Unlike LANGDON, CHUCK begins on a disastrous reputation before kids realize he is more victim than guilty. At the last moment, his bestiality can make him do the irreparable.
twists
You can use CHUCK's ability to transform in order to advance the story.
According to the investigation, the kids will be able to find abandoned appendages during the transformations: thus, if he leaves his bird shape they will be able to find a pair of massive wings whose molecular structure is so unstable that at the end for a few hours they start to dust on contact.
flow
hooks
rumors
Throughout the south of the plateau, it is rumored that we sometimes hear the night of the cries of horrible animals, found carcasses of beasts devoured by a beast, that some have seen a huge silhouette in the moonlight pass in the sky. It will be easy to get the players to pass by people peddling these rumors. Like Mrs. Lenormand, whose mother lives in Saint Aubin and remains terrified by her at night and the frightful screams resume.
Indices
The kids find a trace of paw on soft ground (edge ​​of lake, puddle of dried mud). It appears that the paw corresponds to an indeterminate mammal of large size (about 50cm wide and more than 200 kilos). If the kids follow the tracks, either they go in the direction of the south-east of the plateau, and disappear in the middle (CHUCK flew away) or lead to a carcass devoured.
Observation
The kids are out one night and they hear or see CHUCK, who can get close to them and scare them a hell of hell but of course not attack them. He will run away, which can also leave clues.
Sylvain Fournier
Chuck's best friend may be a friend of one or more characters who, finding his behavior strange, could make him confess his doubts about the current rumors and put them on the track.
RESOLUTION
The table opposite describes the possible progress of the survey according to the places visited by the kids.
· Eye icon: observations and testimonials
· Magnifying glass icon: physical cues found on the spot
· Bubble icon: complete stories told
PLACES & CHARACTERS
FOURNIER family
It is composed of two parents and two sons, domiciled in the hamlet of Moulons (see map). Parents are suspicious and will have a problem with kids who ask them questions.
Sylvain FOURNIER
The older brother of the family is a shy and reserved child. Kids can know him from elementary school and are in college with him. He adored his dog and has been depressed since his disappearance. However, he is too afraid of his father to go looking for him.
Moulon Farm
Genetics research site where researchers and technicians work on improvements in different animal breeds. Kids may have visited this historic farmhouse with the school.
Abandoned barn
Located a few kilometers north of Moulon, in the middle of a field, it is the hideout of CHUCK during the day. Its roof is half-collapsed, the walls are in poor condition and it has not closed for a long time. It is accessed by a dirt road from the road.
Weather Stations
CHUCK is attracted by these pilons set in the middle of the fields. There are buried carcasses of small animals that are used for food: rabbits, deer and other wild animals.
Palacewood
These southern woods are one of CHUCK's favorite hunting spots. A number of testimonials point to this area as one where a group of young alcoholics has met a horrible monster.
Morph XXX
Whenever CHUCK transforms, he whines and howls because thrusts like the fall of old appendages make him suffer.
scientific
Kids may not be discreet and rumors persist. LANGDON decides to send teams of scientists to the field in vans equipped with analytical equipment to investigate, and if necessary collect clues.
Genetic Lab
Hidden in the basement of the Research Center this laboratory equipped with state-of-the-art equipment and animal cages is accessible by elevator or by an external ramp closed by a heavy metal door protected by a simple PIN code. This is where CHUCK is locked up if LANGDON manages to capture him.
Military
LANGDON will appeal to the military to get hold of CHUCK when it is certain that it exists. He will play on the danger and the need to analyze this creature that could have been imported by the Russians. More is big ...
Dr. LANGDON
The kids will eventually know the opinion and intentions of LANGDON. CHUCK is for him a systemic threat that is urgent to destroy, while keeping traces of his genome to understand how such an organism is possible.
COOL TRICKS
Here's a list of events - in a relative mess - a source of excitement for the kids during the game.
· Discover the traces of CHUCK
· Follow the footprints
· Hear rumors about the beast
· Hear animal cries in the distance
· Investigate fingerprints
· Discovering abandoned organs
· Find information about CHUCK
· Explore the abandoned barn
· Seeing CHUCK
· Meet CHUCK closely
· Meet the scientists in marauding
· Meet LANGDON
· Research on the Moulons Farm
· Find information about LANGDON
· Visit the FOURNIER farm
· Hear SYLVAIN FOURNIER talk about CHUCK
· Help CHUCK by hiding / nourishing
· See the drones
· Hacking drones
· Fight drones
· Attending the fight between Chuck and a drone
· Prevent the capture of CHUCK
· Enter the Moulons
· Explore the labs
· Discover the hidden laboratory
· Explore the secret lab
· Negotiate with LANGDON
· Find CHUCK in the secret lab
· To be captured in the secret lab
· Free CHUCK from the lab (x2)
· Being released by CHUCK from the cage
· See CHUCK morpher in dinosaur
· Follow CHUCK on the LANGDON track
· Save LANGDON (X3)
· See CHUCK being killed by the military
· Make CHUCK transformed into a kitten in SYLVAIN
DENOUEMENT
· Scientists will eventually deploy two kinds of robots to get their hands on CHUCK, surveillance drones and capture robots. Usually assigned to farm animals, they are a bit under-equipped to catch a CHUCK, but hopefully it can work.
· Scientists capture CHUCK in one way or another - if necessary using military forces. Coup de bowl, SYLVAIN FOURNIER sees the convoy enter the ramp of the meadow.
· Once CHUCK is locked in the underground lab, LANGDON will take samples and begin to eliminate them.
· In the lab are dinosaur embryos that CHUCK will absorb DNA: this will be his utmost transformation.
· Freed, CHUCK will want to kill LANGDON whom he considers blindly as an enemy, who will take refuge in his office. Players can try to protect the latter who takes refuge in his home near or in his office of the Farm of the Moulon according to the urgency.
· CHUCK will die. Killed by the military, or because of the incompatibility of its genome with that of the dinosaurs, which exhausts it.
· Sequence emotion: while he dies, a black kitten seems to emerge from him. The innocent kitten will try by all means to join SYLVAIN FOURNIER.
consequences
· The case will be stifled but worries await the kids who would have been too exposed: the military police will come to visit their parents.

my own little radio
The kids come from Villiers-le-Bâcle without it being an obligation. At least two sessions can span three to four.
The pitch, the pitch!
JEAN-MICHEL Maréchal is the mailman of Villiers le Bâcle. With his father René-Jacques, former researcher of the CEA, they have developed a breeder reactor that will sow chaos on the plain.
The main characters
René-Jacques Maréchal
Scientist, 66 years old (1918), widowed
The father. CEA's "chief researcher" in the 50s, a brilliant physicist, he then moved to the region with his young wife from a good family, who quickly discovered a life of hell in a bourgeois setting, and the twisted behind his refined mask: tyrannical, selfish, narcissistic, brutal, without friends. While their son was at War, he drugged the mother who "fell" from the cliffs of Etretat. Oops. Suicide quickly classified. Now secluded in the cellar and informed by his son of the advances in research, he always has a vision of his field that allows him to seize the opportunities offered by being at the head of a field. particle accelerator.
JEAN-MICHEL Maréchal
Factor, 40 years old (1944), single
Child unhappy and belittled by his father, JEAN-MICHEL is an intelligent and sensitive being who finally hate studies. Teenager, a passion for amateur radio offers a way out of his loneliness. In spying on the conversations of others, he also develops a trick for spying on private communications.
In 1961, he went to Algeria after a training where he excels in rifle and transmissions, to find himself at the heart of the torture in the anti OAS services. This episode during which he attends many murders will traumatize him and completely unbalance him.
Having become a prefectural factor after the "death" of his father, he has mastered the opening of mail over the years. He now knows all the little secrets of the inhabitants of Villiers-le-Bâcle. All.
prologue
1963 funny fall
The father defeated during his youth his kid who returned from the Algerian War, discovering by chance that his mother was murdered by the father during an argument, gives in to his fury and pushes up the stairs from their house this murderer who repels him.
Healthy family atmosphere between two intelligent, dangerous, and completely rotten individuals from within.
The choice of the result of this fall on the stairs is yours. He will decide the relationship between father and son, which are at the heart of the plot.
a) If the father becomes amnesic after his fall, who leaves him unconscious in the cellar for several days, the son is the bastard. He locked up his father in the basement, made him believe that we must hide from the Nazis back, and then organized his official disappearance. Once he inherited, he designed a system in which he made the father look for all kinds of systems for his own benefit.
b) If the father did not suffer from his fall, he took over his son, and he is the bastard: he still beats and uses his son to live as a mysanthropist in his cellar while indulging in unhindered research.
c) Last option: father and son have reached an agreement and are both bastards, conspiring in an unhealthy atmosphere to build a machine that feeds their desire for power.
1979-1983 construction of the SURGenerator
In the knowledge of the realization of the KHEOPS project even before certain oils of the CEA, the MARÉCHAL elaborate a plan to build a high-power Electro-Magnetic Pulse gun. For that they feel they need a very high power generator. KHEOPS provides them with a colossal source of energy, provided they derive a part of the diet, what is needed with sufficient discretion to remain unnoticed.
But over the months, electro-magnetic disturbances of the radio waves occur, which sometimes blur radios and televisions like everything else. They leave the MARÉCHAL uneasy: could their device be the cause?
1984 of the rififi in the waves
it's not just civilian equipment that is dysfunctional. CEA's egg skulls and military accuse each other of this interference, uncertain hypotheses flock, and the rest sticks to a simple attitude: most of the time, it works so good, it goes like that .
But RAYMOND DE SAINT LEU, ambitious director of the site of Saclay, is not satisfied with the ambient blur and the soft assumptions. He feels something is wrong and intends to put his finger on it.
Having no confidence in the military, SAINT LEU decided to put on the spot a private detective: ÉMILE DÉSIR.
(j-30) A private named DésiR
ÉMILE DÉSIR is a former secret service officer who has all the confidence of Saint Leu. When the behavior of an employee seems strange, a vehicle lurks, a commercial is too urgent, DESIRE to search with relative discretion but sufficient results.
Although his scientific skills are a bit weak, DÉSIR is commissioned by SAINT LEU to identify if civilians could be the source of the magnetic disorder that appeared on the set. He will have a generous budget, will have no access to the CEA or the military grounds and will have to report daily.
His tackle eavesdropping and his firearm is unsuitable, and DESIRE having all double for security, he controls two electro-magnetic measuring devices, direction finders.
DESIR chooses a cover that he has used before and that allows him to send his report every day without arousing suspicion: a real estate agent.
Under the identity of HONORÉ MORIN, he declares that he is commissioned by the CEA to find beautiful homes in the region for high-ranking scientists. He settled at the hotel de Villiers-le-Bâcle "The Golden Lion" and began to ride the region at the wheel of his brand new Renault 25.
(J-15)
DESIR is a man on the ground. He begins to tour the surroundings. This method proves to be of little value in the beginning: no clue emerges, whether it goes to cities, villages or airfields. He then decides to start the tour farms and places.
(J-7)
DÉSIR meets JEAN MICHEL MARÉCHAL while visiting Orsigny. He finds the character strange and the converse is true. DESIRE thinks Marshal knows something but does not want to talk, and would like to get him to tell him more.
When DÉSIR finally receives his direction finders at his hotel, he is already under surveillance of the factor, who immediately identifies the type of equipment in question. So long for the cover of real estate agent, Émile.
JEAN-MICHEL's suspicions are confirmed when he intercepts a letter from DESIR evoking his first measurements around Orsigny. He decides to take action.
beginning of the game
JEAN-MICHEL points his electro-magnetic pulse rifle at DÉSIR and shifts the private near the road at the end of the day.
He goes through the tunnel and hides the body in a tunnel, not realizing that the private bag has fallen into the ditch, nor that the Renault 25 is parked further north.
Disturbed, he leaves everything in plan and promises to return in the night.
HOOKS
In family scenes of players, introduce the electromagnetic disturbances that have become common in the region. For example, it is summer, so the broadcast of the show Intervilles is ruined throughout the evening.
If your players are struggling, some hooks can help them
· A friend found a Renault 25 registered 75 (Paris) on a road. She looks abandoned.
· The children of the Hotel heard their parents talking about Mr. Morin who was not there this morning. It never happened to him.
Otherwise bring the players on the road that passes between the ponds of Saclay. For players living in Villiers-le-Bâcle, taking a bike ride to go swimming in the ponds could be a pretext like any other.
A vehicle traveling at high speed fails to knock them over and throws them into the ditch, where they find the first sign of their game: a black leather bag for men.
The bag contains:
· A driver's license in the name of HONORÉ MORIN
· A visit card of the Lion d'Or Hotel in Villiers-le-Bâcle
· A key with the number 18
· A small notebook in Moleskine.
Indices, places and choices
the bag
The driving license is recent, the profession indicates real estate agent, man of 56 years, domiciled in Paris.
The map of the Hotel speaks to the children of Villiers-le-Bâcle and the key seems to come from there.
If the child of the owner of the hotel plays, he will recognize the man who has been staying in the suite for a week.
The notes in the notebook are hard to read, but dates, locations, and approximate maps are visible. The last page seems to indicate the region of Orsigny with ponds and control towers.
the tunnel
If the kids decide to inspect the place, they can discover [SURVEY 1] the entrance to a tunnel masked by tall grass. This is a metal plate in the ground, at a place where a path leaves the road. Cars pass from time to time, if kids do not hide [SNEAK 1] a car can stop to see what they are doing.
They can open the plate [FORCE 1], which reveals a descending staircase. At the bottom, a tunnel goes west. To venture into the tunnel, they need a source of light. The wet, dirty, and rather scary tunnel is 1m50 high. At the end of 10m, the body of the private, which one can guess thanks to the tracles on the ground [SURVEY 2] that it was pulled by a single person, which they can follow the tracks going towards Orsigny until the soil is too dry and hard.
The appearance of the private body is frightening. The skin on his face is mummified, his eyes are rolled up and blood has leaked from his eyes, ears and nostrils. As the blood has dried and the body does not feel very strong yet, the kids can guess [UNDERSTANDING 2] that he has not died long ago.
In his pockets, we find the keys of the Renault 25, and nothing else except a pack of Gitanes.
If they decide to go further in the tunnels, their plan is provided in the map appendix. It should not be big-world, but the experience should leave them strong emotions.
the renault 25
If the kids push their investigations a little further south, they find a Renault 25 parked in a dirt road 300m from the bag. Nearly new, luxury model leather interior and computer board, registered in Paris.
In the cockpit, kids can find [SURVEY 1] the green card of the vehicle. The identity of the insured is ÉMILE DÉSIR.
In the safe, locked, there are many objects.
· A metal box that contains all thief paraphernalia: Mining bar, diamond to cut a window, nightingale opens locks, and everything needed to break in (gloves, hoods, etc.).
· Two walkie-talkies
· Weird electronic stuff we can guess (Tinker) that it is used to wiretap a phone line.
· Piece of King - a real gun loaded with a box of ammunition (9mm Mathurin revolver).
If kids decide to ship equipment, the chest contains sufficient bags to take everything.
At the Golden Lion Hotel in Villiers-le-bâcle
The owner of the hotel and her daughter will send a walk to the kids who will talk about the cover and its contents. At best, they will recover the key of the room to put it back on the board.
Kids' social skills can give them access to the following information, with varying degrees of difficulty:
· [1] Mr. Morin arrived 15 days ago in his Renault 25, and he occupies the most beautiful room of the hotel
· [1] He is a real estate agent and he is looking for beautiful homes for scientists who have to settle
· [1] He's a very good guy who likes to chat with everyone, not at all snobby
· [2] He did not come back last night, but it has happened to him
· [2] He paid in advance for a month
· [3] He sends mail daily to the CEA, and is heard typing after dinner.
To access the private room kids must be discreet [Sneak 2]. It is accessible either via the door of the corridor or the door window (closed) which gives on the court.
Entering the door of room 18 we enter a small private room.
The living room
The kids find a dozen letters in a folder "CEA" placed on the desk, next to the typewriter of the private, carbon copies:
· All are dated and addressed to Mr. SAINT LEU, director of the CEA site of Saclay. No signature but the tone seems military (Empat.).
· The first letter reminds the mission: find the source of EM disturbances.
· The following letters indicate progress in research.
· The penultimate mail speaks of Marshal, who has caught something but refuses to talk about it, and the arrival of the ordered material.
· The last letter was two days ago and indicates the plan to go to the Orsigny corner using the wave detector.
Bedroom
In the wardrobe of the room, the kids find costumes, but also a lattice set and a tight black outfit, like ninja.
A large metal trunk closed with a heavy padlock code is placed on the ground. It is too heavy to be transported and trying to break the padlock [Force 2] should be a little too loud not to attract attention without distraction. By hooking it or finding the code (8988 - One hour search) we find the same material as in the trunk of the Renault 25, weapon included.
In the suitcase slipped under the cabinet, we find the identity card of ÉMILE DÉSIR, private detective profession.
Next to the bed are two small identical cardboard boxes, one of which is open, the other still containing the portable EM direction finder. The manual of the other is still out, and the utility of the device will appear to any kid with a minimum of guilt (Inspect / Tinker / Compreh.) Especially if they read the letters .
Carrying equipment might be a bit difficult, especially if it comes from the trunk, but the portable detector should not stay on the spot.
Back home
In children whose parents work at CEA, we hear about a military leader in a big black car bursting into the director's office. It looked serious.
information search
Doubts about the actions of JMM must be sufficient for the kids to consider the possibility of entering his home. If their suspicions go astray, force fate: an innocuous discussion, a meeting with the individual or worse, questions concerning him by the gendarmes should make their effect.
At the CEA
If your players want to get in touch with the director of the CEA, it will be dangerous, but possible:
· On the phone, it will be necessary to cross the barrier of the secretariat [SEDUCTION 2]
· In person, you must enter the CEA, then access the office in the main building, not the most watched happily.
SAINT LEU is a smart man who will pull the worms of the kids' noses. At best, it will only offer warnings and threats.
If they say too much about the private and their discoveries, they have every chance that the adventure advances without them: SAINT LEU will warn parents and gendarmes. Their only option is to be an introduction by the tunnels to Maréchal before a final assault.
The military
Needless to say, the welcome will be cold and the kids have no chance on this side.
In the village of Villiers-le-Bâcle
Bring the mayonnaise of clues to the postman: the disappearance in the nature of his father, the tragic death of his mother, his big house, his life alone.
Research on JMM can bring back the following results:
· Everyone knows the corner factor, but by far. He's a nice guy, a bit simple, pretty shy. He does not know any family.
· If one of the kids has a relationship with him, he can explain how he helps with his moped or radio.
· [Norm.] Scientific parents at CEA will know the father's name, his key role in French nuclear power and the legend of his sudden disappearance.
· [Norm.] In old newspapers, one will find the traces of the disappearance of the father in 1961, after the return of the war of the son.
· [Norm.] His post of factor was obtained by friends of the father in the high administration.
· [Norm.] The peasants are well acquainted with it by its large antenna in the middle of the fields and its presence on the CB network.
· [Norm.] The villagers will remember a taciturn kid who feels bad about himself at school.
[Diff.] His school buddies remember that he knew by heart the subterranean Orsigny, he was quite disturbed and terrified by his father.
· [Diff. +] A regimental friend can tell that he came back traumatized from the Algerian War, where they experienced "things" that are better not to talk about.
· [Diff. +] His teachers or teachers remember a brilliant but tormented student, whose parents were very rigorous.
Meetings with JMM
If the kids meet Marshal, he will try to make them lose as much time as possible.
· Guide them towards a bogus track, a control tower located towards Toussus le Noble, which would be weird.
· If he learns the goniometer, he will actively monitor the kids.
· If he learns that kids have walkie talkies, he will contact them using a disturbing personality to threaten them.
· Finish with their advisor to take care of their business and reject them.
The Marshal's house
Your kids finally decided to come in? Guided tour. Phase that scares us forward!
JEAN MICHEL MARÉCHAL leaves his home to work on mopeds from 7am to 12pm and from 2pm to 5pm.
The general appearance from the surroundings
It is a beautiful house surrounded by a large park that can barely be seen through the trees that surround it. The property seems poorly maintained: peeling paint, walls overgrown.
The garden
The 2 meter high perimeter wall is easy to climb by climbing trees if kids choose this option to enter the property.
The entrance gate is closed during the day, it is hookable without difficulty.
The garden is half a hectare, while gentle slopes that go up to the house. It seems poorly maintained: tall grass, ivy and brambles have all invaded. But a kid close to nature will realize that the trees are well trimmed.
If the kids go around the house, they can discover a direct access to the cellar.
Antennas
If the kids explore the garden, they discover two imposing antennas cleverly dissected.
· A radio antenna 20m high is planted behind the garage, impresionnante from the ground but camouflaged in a tree.
· A satellite dish 10m in diameter. Painted in camouflage pattern and concealed under perfectly trimmed trees to conceal it, it is visible only once at his feet. It serves as a very wide broadcast transmitter, coupled to the generator.
The garage
It is a building of 8m by 6m which is securely closed. Tell the players that JEAN-MICHEL Maréchal's big car break is parked in front of the house, it should arouse suspicion.
The gravitational generator is located in this room. It's a big box like a small truck.
You can access the garage with the keys that are in the cellar, or by the cellar itself through a large tunnel, or finally by the underground that leads to a hatch difficult to open [FORCE 3].
A thick cable runs from the back of the garage, along the house to climb along the north wall to the 2nd floor. It seems to be a power cable, but the kids have never seen such big.
The ground floor
The front door seems not to have been used at all for several years.
The kitchen door remains open all the time.
Everything is tiled and floors, with trinkets that date back to the 60s. If you want to scare your players, tell them too late they left marks on the floor in the most abandoned rooms.
The kitchen is better tidy and maintained than everything else upstairs.
The lounge / reception area is almost completely abandoned. Nothing has changed since the "death" of Father Maréchal. Photos of the family, old furniture full of dust, windows dégeux, it is very creepy but not very interesting.
The office and library had to be sumptuous, completely paneled, lined with books, furniture of tastes and paintings to the ceiling.
The office is locked. It contains important information.
· On the desk, a pile of letters and postcards should put players on the trail of an orchestrated death of the father. All letters are from his hand, destined for the CEA but have never been sent: no stamp. They all date back to 1979, with a perfectly interesting content. JMM stopped tiring himself to simulate his father's flight, and his efforts remained on the spot.
· A firearms cabinet contains two shotguns, in working order after all these years, supplied with their ammunition.
1st floor
The parental suite is abandoned for 30 years, nothing special here.
Marshal's room is well maintained, and totally spartan. He still lives in the furniture of his 17 years, despite their poor condition.
· His bedside books are exclusively works on radio and electromagnetic radiation, which a wise Geek can guess that they are of high level of complexity on the field.
· His office is meticulously tidy. It contains all the mail it takes to send and receive, with a complete kit to take off and glue the envelopes. There is 25% of CEA mail, and the rest comes from civilians.
· Filing cabinets containing cards are placed on shelves that cover the walls. The sheets detail everything about the inhabitants of the area, city by city, street by street, year after year: their life, their relations, their secrets, everything is there. Notably, CEA and strong military are entitled to their own binders every 5 years: fact sheets on employees, officers, labor relations, friendly, loving ... More freaky, you die. It is a perfect tool for advancing kids' problems. They will be able to discover the truth about their families, their friends and their enemies: what will stir them up.
The guest room contains nothing special.
2nd floor
A steep staircase leads to a bright room which - remarkable - the windows are clean. They give a perfect view of the surroundings: the well-cut trees and several binoculars of good quality indicate that it is a common use of JMM.
· The cable coming from the garage is connected to a strange rifle placed on a table along the south windows, which give in the direction of the place where the kids found the bag. This rifle is very long, mounted on a tripod and equipped with a telescopic telescope: a high-precision EM rifle used to snipe the private.
· Radio devices in shambles.
The cave
Access through the garden is an opening for coal that gives in the boiler room of the house, almost unused room.
The corridor is littered with boxes from several countries, containing laboratory equipment: all kinds of oscilloscopes, high-power capacitors.
The father lives in the laboratory and in his hidden apartment. The kids will smell old and dirty and they will hear strange noises. On the one hand the machines that turn permanently to channel the energy of the breeder reactor. On the other hand, the old man is now crazy enough to mumble permanently. We hear him grumbling clearer sentences:
- Satanic Nazis. They are going to see what kind of wood they are heating.
- Of course a generator like this, it creates disturbances, how does it want it to be otherwise?
He is almost deaf, so kids will have no trouble getting into the lab even if he is present. He has little rest, but often makes micro-naps.
The lab is a mixture of brothel and order. There are several piles of cash as in the hallway that allow to hide. On the other hand, the tables and the test instruments are impeccably arranged.
The research notes are put on a table: they contain several clues:
· The purpose of their research is to build a generator powerful enough to build an Electro Magnetic Impulse gun.
· The source of energy is taken from the current of the particle accelerator that passes under the tray. Particle energy is also used to provide energy burst.
· The IEM rifle was a first experience: all uses are recorded, from the first pebble to the private body whose body is described in detail: grilled dry on the spot.
· The disturbances observed are not totally clear but they are convinced that they are due to their installation.
· The generator is very unstable and requires constant vigilance to avoid overheating.
· A full-scale test is planned for the next day. The risk that it kills thousands of people in the region is not zero, but they have no choice.
If the son is present, the two will argue because they feel that they are spotted by the CEA and / or the military. The son goes down at least once a day to bring him food.
Acceleration
The overvoltage of the generator is the climax of the game. Depending on whether kids are more or less active, there are several ways to achieve this.
If the kids decide to actively destroy the generator, it's up to them to try to do it in finesse ... or not. It should be enough to disturb some machines and their settings so that it starts in sparks before it flames.
If the kids have entered but are reluctant to act, play their catch by the two barrels, which can lock them in a room. A confrontation between the father who wants to see them disappear and the son who refuses to kill children will degenerate: the father begins to decompress, to accuse his son of being with the Nazis and will throw himself on the machine to blow everything up . Children must find a way out before it jumps.
If the kids stay outside, have them hear a shouting match between father and son. They will give enough to give the kids the certainty that something is going wrong. If they refuse to intervene, the son can jostle the father who collapses on the instruments and causes the final explosion.
The fire starts in the garage and cellar: the house disappears in the flames in about twenty minutes.
Resolution
The burned house, the majority of traces disappears. No proof, nothing.
And yet.
The kids come home, life starts again ... and the radio disturbances too.
JMM disappears in nature.
The body of the private is never found
The military cover all traces: the fire of the house is an unfortunate domestic accident. She is abandoned.
Countdown
· The waves disturb the radio
· A military drone is put out of action in open field
· A kid near the Maison Maréchal hears a roaring sound coming from the house, followed by a flash of disturbance EM perceived in the region.
Reverse countdown
The progress of the military investigation launched after the disappearance of the private.
· The kids see the gendarmes at the hotel.
· Kids' parents talk about the progress of the investigation
· The kids are brought to the gendarmerie to talk about what they have found.
master this part
In the car everyone
If you want it short and intense, ahead for the following ferrovipath path:
· Discovery of the bag
· Discovery of the identity of the private, its equipment and its investigation
· Discover the role of Marshal
· Discovery of Marshal's house
· Discovery of the IEM generator
· Discovery of Father Maréchal and the family plan
· Destruction of the generator
· Impacts in the region
To put it in terms of vectors:
Private → Hotel → Marshal → Maison Maréchal
→ Marshal Plan → Generator → Decommissioning
Add or replace vectors as needed or opportunities for "troubles".
The Final Countdown
For more chilli:
· Use Jean-Pierre Maréchal as an active character, with his table of relations with the kids. He can use various radio means to communicate with them, try to deflect their investigation, etc.
· Use the military as active investigators, with their progress table of inquiry. A finale with the kids locked in the house while the attacking robots can have its charm. The car that failed to overthrow is the Commander Leduc (Fort Vileras) who accuses the director of the CEA: his teams have detected the IEM gun that killed DÉSIR and he thinks the CEA is the source.
flavor loop
To mark the hyper-technical side, use the following scenes:
· Back to the garage of floating tractors
· Overview of magnetine devices
· Passing off of military robots
· Use of the EM detector
· Weird behavior of control towers
For the fantastic aspect:
· Frequent disruption of televisions and radios
· Tunnel visits
· Dry body of the private
· Marshal's House
· Marechal's strange appearance






scenes
The hardest part is getting your players moving between nostalgia for the 80s, hyper-technology and fantastic emotions. Some ideas.
scenes of everyday life
· Kids get hustled by teens on mopeds
· Kids see a village man cheat on his wife
· Kids are taken by a mom to the nearest town
· Kids are punished for swimming in one of the local ponds
· Kids watch the Tour de France on TV
· Kids steal apples in a garden
Scenes of extraordinary life
· Kids see a gigantic warship pass into the sky
· Kids see one of the many shipments of material delivery for the CEA
· The kids see a new administrative robot arrive at the town hall
· Kids meet a former schizo scientist in the city bus
· Kids watch flying tractors harvesting wheat: they look like giant yellow and black beetles
· The kids at the village festival (July 14th, St John, Harvest, etc.) and make flying self-sealers
scenes with adults
· Kids are trying to reach a number that does not answer
· The mechanic | restaurateur | artisan refuses to believe the kids who come to inform him of a problem in the field behind
· The postman rides a bike just in front of a problem without seeing it
· Parents complain about new tech stuff kids bring home
· Parents are unhappy with kids' dating
· Kids' parents complain of persistent noise but do nothing to solve the problem
· All adults are unaware of the type of dementia on the village square
danger scenes
· Kids survive a road accident
· Kids survive the fire of a building in which they were
· Kids witness a fight between a dinosaur and combat robots
· Kids cause fire in clandestine laboratory
· Kids are chased by a surveillance robot in the fields
· Kids bugger / explode a control tower
· Kids are identified by night guards in a guarded enclosure
scary scenes
· The kids' hiding place is surrounded by soldiers looking for something
· The kids attend a phenomenon like collective hallucination: everyone falls asleep on the spot
· Kids hear a [radio message | noises in their walkie-talkies] weird while they are in their hideout
· Kids attend cable wizard of college principal who causes interruption of classes
· Kids visit a research center with their class and it gives them a terrible headache
· Kids watch all domestic animals and farmers panic at once
· Kids are caught in an electromagnetic storm that disrupts all
· Kids are caught in an electromagnetic storm that disrupts all devices
cool scenes
· Kids go to TV Newspaper and / or local press
· The kids get caught and spend a bad quarter of an hour at the gendarmes
· Kids play ATARI color (!) In a friend's house on a HIFI channel
· Kids witness a flood or fire causing the arrival of fire trucks
· Kids attend a night car chase
· Kids find a map showing access points to technical tunnels
· Kids free a friend who was locked up by a mad scientist
