"It's your turn, Sophie," said Clement.
Clement. A typical metal. Long hair, crappy and everything. Like, his Iron Maiden t-shirt?... not possible this disgusting t-shirt. Like, she would put her mother's head in the middle of the red kitchen in her flower apron ...
The good life, Clement. Father doctor, municipal councilor. Still immersed in his walkman listening to his awful music. And when we always bother the valve to make everyone laugh.
Since CP, they are always together, with the friends, to walk in the village, as today. At the same time they never really got together, well, really ... only both, what ...
- Well then, you move us this plate? Do you think about your cows or what? he snarled, scoffing at the mates.
My cows? His face hardens. She tugged at the plate, which rolled to the ground in rounds of metal. She glared at him and took the rest of the group to witness.
- My cows, my ass, yes! Go ahead, go ahead, it's open now, Monsieur l'aventurier.
The look of the other kids in the gang swayed between Sophie the tall, sturdy blonde, Clement, and the opening in the middle of the path. It was the big ones who had told them about the underground under the castle park, a crazy thing, huge, and full of undead, but that they did not believe it. Well, not really. Clement leaning over objected that it was all black in there and that there was nothing.
- That's good, I have that. Take it!
She handed him a small square lamp, and the grinning smile was a gift. Head of the Clément, who says to himself that he has only to repack his fright and go down by the means provided by the manufacturer, if he did not want to look like a tocard in front of the others.
After 10 meters of rusty ladder, it seemed very large indeed, very wet, and very abandoned. They began to advance. A cross. The same tunnels, stone, high and wide. They took a right.
Clement did not lead off, unlike Sophie who advanced the beating heart. It reminded him when we were walking back from the village festival, at night, this feeling of freedom and unknown, hardly see the others, distinguish the lights of the party still dancing in the distance ....
"Hey, another tunnel on the right," she said, turning to the group.
Clément's terrified air took her by surprise. She turned around.
From the bottom of the tunnel, two yellow eyes approached them at a brisk pace.
